 Okay , welcome to the detailed design meeting .
 Again , I'm gonna take minutes . Oh , we're gonna have a prototype presentation first . Uh , who's gonna give the prototype presentation ? You two guys ? Okay . Go ahead .
 Yes .
 .
 .
 coffee .
**********
 'Kay , we've made a prototype . Um , we've got uh
 uh our aspects from the last meeting . Uh , especially we looked at the form , material and the colour . Um , we've uh drawn here the p prototype . The logo is uh
 is uh
 is pretty uh obvious to see on the on the remote control , but
 it is necessary when you want to build your uh company f to a level higher .
 Um ,
 our interface elements , there are shown in the in the drawing . Maybe you can uh point them uh
 The functions .
 Uh , well the uh all the functions are discussed uh I think the most of the functions are uh uh obvious . Uh , it's a little bit . Uh , power button .
 Uh then the the the nine uh channels .
 Uh the volume uh
 uh at the side , and the other side is the programmes . And then we had uh just uh two buttons , we place them in the middle , uh the menu , and for the teletext I thought that was th
 Oh no , the the the mute button misses now . Do y do you did we want to have a m mute button ?
 Alright , I
 Oh , the mute button .
 Yeah .
 But uh that It's uh here then , in the middle .
 Yeah .
 Alright , and uh you gotta point out which is the volume um uh button and which is the programme button .
 Huh .
 Yes , um
 we've disc
 Well , yeah mo uh mo Yeah , well most of them are right-handed .
 Yeah , but you you gotta make it clear on the on
 Most of the users
 Yes , y there there will be a p a little a little P_ on that and a little uh yeah .
 Yeah well , I don't have time in uh anymore on the
 Yeah , and a and a triangle on that .
 Oh yeah , just progr programme above , I think .
 Yes . Next to that I kinda miss a zero actually .
 Yeah , sure , you're right .
 Yes . And uh uh
 Oh .
 the f the look and feel would be great on this uh remote control , because uh you always uh will uh pick up the remote control in the in the smallest uh area . Then your uh left thumb of uh your right thumb is uh near the programme uh button ,
 I don't like the colours .
 Mm-hmm .
 Wait , there's was one thing I wanted to ask . Uh , there are different ways for remote controls to uh do uh like
 uh d I call it teens and twenties . Uh , y th th th the two numbers .
 Yes .
 All n no , that's um kinda dependent on the television .
 Yeah , true , yeah .
 It's a television . Yes .
 Yeah , but do we have do we need extra buttons , for example some uh some have to
 Uh
 I think
 Uh I think so .
 Yes , yes , you have you have a lot of standard buttons that has to be uh on it , uh th with the one and a double uh uh yes .
 Yeah , I think you should add
 Zero ?
 A cross , or whatever . Yeah , line .
 May maybe here ?
 Yeah , but you don't you don't actually need them , becau b l a lot of remote controls work that y when y that you when you fir you push the one first , then you have a couple of seconds No , I don't think so .
 Yeah .
 And then a second .
 No , that's dependent on the television .
 Yes , you have televisions , then you have to , you know , you have to uh press
 I do know so .
 Is it depending on television ?
 Nah , I don't think so really , because you have a I know some remote controls that don't have these buttons , but you still can , know , obviously you can still select the twenty uh a number in the twenty or in the ten .
 Yeah .
 Yes , but but a lot uh
 Yes , but uh uh no uh remote control nowadays are um they come with the television . Or actually , the other way around . But
 No , I think uh I really think it's n because you can when when you put a button on it with like one and uh then a dash , it's the same thing as when you just push the one , because it i it first gives you the functionality of that that uh separate button you also had to uh apply .
 Yeah .
 Yes , but
 Yeah , well but su If
 some televisions don't accept uh that that
 Yeah , because that's i it's for television . It's exact the same thing .
 No , no , but s
 No no no . So some television respond differently . Look , if uh i i
 No , listen listen . When you push the button , the remote control gives a signal . I in th in the first place it gives a signal which it would also send when you put a separate button on it . The one with dash , that signal gi and when y whe when you don't push another button on the remote control within five seconds , then the remote control gives a signal for channel one .
 Yes .
 Yes , that's true .
 Yeah .
 True .
 No
 I think it works that way , really .
 No , it it it works uh if you haven't got uh a special button for it , uh if you push a one , then on your television there will appear a one and a a line , which is an empty space .
 Yeah , but it's exact the same that w would appear when you put a separate button push a separate button .
 Yes , but some some old televisions uh you have to uh click on uh a special button , uh then you go to a a next level , you can push two buttons .
 Yeah , but you don't underst uh you don't understand my point . I think it's exact the same thing when y
 Yep . True .
 You want
 Yes , but some television don't support it .
 No , but then they would a would also support that button , because it's the same thing . Listen , with that that's that special but button you're talking about , eh ? That's just a signal to recei ju they send a t signal to the v tv T_V_ that they have to put a one in on your screen and a dash , which you can pu so you can uh still put another number on it . When you don't have that separate button , and you push y one , it's exactly the same thing . Do y you the remote control gives that same signal as it would give when you only had
 But the ex
 No , s some some televisions need the input first uh and and you c
 No , a remote can
 Yeah .
 Yes , so they need no , they need
 But you give the input . You push the one . That's the same thing as the button with the one and it yes it it is . Think about it .
 No , that's not true . It's simply not true . It's simply not true . Uh
 Yeah . You uh you can wai when you push the one you can show on the telly a one and just a dash , and then wait uh two uh seconds or something
 No , but uh
 And it's the same thing what happens and a g remote control gives another signal after five seconds that is just one .
 No , remote control doesn't give signal after five seconds . Remote control is a stupid thing . If you push a button , it sends it immediately to to the television .
 Yeah , that's true . Yeah , but I m uh but it's I I know for sure that some televisions that w th th the remote control supplied , only ha has the c these buttons with a one and a dash and a two and a dash , but when you use a bu a n remote control that doesn't sport these buttons , it still works . But okay , we we'll impl
 Yeah , it
 No , definitely not . Definitely not .
 We'll discuss them in the usability lab .
 No , we'll apply them then for now .
 Uh eva evaluation . I don't know uh I don't know if if it's it's necessary .
 Yeah , app just apply them next to the zero , the one and the two . Yeah , I think so . Yeah , for now , if we don't know for sure whether
 Yeah ?
 Okay .
 And the button for the SCART uh audio video uh external input .
 Yes .
 Ach .
 Yeah but okay . What I said about uh the remote control sending another signal , that that might not be true , but I still think i it it all T_V_s in some ways support it , I don't know . I think it's more c is m maybe we don't uh we both don't really understand how it i how it really works , but I think there's more to in than wha than what you just said .
 Uh , you can access that uh via zero , and then minus , I guess . Yeah .
 Yeah .
 No , no .
 Uh , remote control sends one signal at one button uh press .
 I do think that uh m T_V_s support mur multiple kind of remote controls . M
 Uh , some
 N some televisions when when you want to go further than uh ten
 Th won't work wi with uh to have that special button .
 No , you have to you have to uh give the television uh two or more signals . When you uh press one button , you give one signal . And the older televisions need more signals to go a level higher .
 But
 Yep .
 Okay , well we'll see .
 When you make the technology that that it will uh give more signals ,
 it could work , but
 Just a basic idea of of of the most uh most y
 most common uh and simple uh operations on the remote .
 Okay . I kinda miss the docking station .
 Yeah .
 Yes . It's here on the
 Well it yeah , uh there's nothing I think it's pretty basic , the the there's no fu there's one there's one button , that's wha there's there's there's one function and that's n the one button when you want to find it .
 We came uh
 Yes .
 No nothing really trendy about it .
 But maybe we can maybe we can make the docking station uh uh a bit standard for for uh the other products we sell , because Real Real Reaction sells more products than only remote controls . So maybe we can uh use the docking station , for example , uh M_P_ three players or or uh
 The button .
 Yep .
 uh hearing devices .
 I think that's very difficult , because of different shapes of uh uh devices .
 Yes , but when you put that same volt voltages on it , you can put uh when the when the when uh o the the the lowest part of it , when it's o the same as the other products , you can put it all on the same uh
 Yeah , of course .
 Mm-hmm .
 Well it it got it it has got to fit into the shape , of course .
 Yes , but we can make
 The technology and the voltage can be the same . That's uh that's true . But uh i if you all make the m having a bottom like this , then they all fit .
 No , we can make uh make the most lowest part all the same .
 Yeah , that's true , but uh
 When when the the recharger has a has a bit what points out , we can place all on top of it .
 Yes , but uh I I g
 Just have to be big enough for the biggest
 Shouldn't it fall then ? It isn't going to fall down ? That's a bit uh yeah , I think
 No , when you make it large enough no it it will not . But then it's a little bit
 No , but if if like this , I'll I'll point it out , if you got uh a a a base a base like this , I won't draw it really . If you got a base which is uh as big as this
 But it's just an idea .
 But it's flat it's flat as as this , so we can p make all the products as flat as this .
 You can .
 Yeah sure , but if you got if you got a tiny player , it can
 But i i i it's backwards .
 Yes , but when you make uh uh a bit of big
 But it's it's backwards . It's leaning . It's leaning backwards , I think , in the in the docking station .
 Yeah . Uh , wha what you could do if you uh from the bottom oh , right , help . Uh , you could make like a hole in it , you know , of uh in in the
 That's text .
 But
 Yes , little holer littler Uh , little products go deeper in it .
 Yeah . That i that is possible , yep .
 Well let's ha let's talk about the docking station later , because uh maybe we have we have to uh consider the docking station anyway , because we have some uh cost issues still to come . But we have to look n I don't know .
 Yeah .
 which is the most common used uh function , and all the other buttons are available for your uh thumb .
 So it's it's it's really good design .
 Okay .
 Yeah . Alright .
 Yes . That's it ?
 Yes , uh on the side uh there will be a strip of rubber , and in the middle uh there is uh a hard uh a hard material , a bit hard plastic with a light uh behind it .
 The light .
 Okay . And other lights ?
 I think added lights are gonna be a problem too .
 Yes , we can make also n neon lights on it , or or the buttons that can make uh light on it .
 No , o on the on the front .
 Yeah , okay . Maybe the uh the logo .
 Yes .
 lights ?
 But , it will also uh uh use batteries , and do we want to
 Yeah , why not ?
 Of course .
 Okay . For now , uh this is uh is good enough .
 Mm .
 Okay .
 Yeah , what was uh on the
 The all the aspects of the interface buttons were uh
 Okay , but in the oh yeah , the colour , because we're gonna use uh one colour for the the plastic enclosure and one colour for the rubber , isn't it ? Then we're gonna do the buttons in the i are we're gonna have rubber buttons . And they're be a they'll be in the same colour as the rubber on the side . Okay . And I think we should use a a darker colour for the um plastic , and maybe some more m brighter and flashy stuff
 Yes .
 Yes .
 Yeah .
 Uh , in the same colour as the side .
 Yeah . Yeah . Yeah .
 Yeah , I think I think that'll be good .
 Yes , maybe we can use on the on the lights on the side we can use uh uh multiple uh lights , so it will uh
 Yes .
 Yeah , we'll talk about the lights later . 'Cause I also don yeah , it's depends on the costs and such . But uh , and we have to agree uh upon the exact colours , but may I dunno if that's important , but we'll talk about that later . Okay , for now this is this is okay . Um , the next p y you gonna give a presentation too ? Uh , I have to see the agenda .
 Yes .
 Yep .
 Yeah .
 We will .
**********
 Well , uh yeah , I I'm gonna do something right there , yeah .
 No .
 Detail design .
 We gotta do that on the right the most right-most screen , because the leftmost
 Evaluation criteria .
 Yep , that's me .
 Okay .
 Okay .
 Alright . I will be needing that image , so leave it please . Um
 Go away .
 Right , we're gonna evaluate that design according to a few points . Um , we g the four of us are going to do that um together . I wanna have a colour over here , come on . Right , the remote is not ugly , a bit weird sentence , but
 the positive things has to be on the left , so I said not ugly instead of ugly . Uh , what would you say , we we gotta give points to uh to all of these to evaluate uh that design , and please forget the drawing skills of these guys . The remote control is not ugly . How do you feel ?
 Okay .
 Yeah , I think four maybe would be appropriate , because it's
 Yeah , maybe it really depends on taste . Uh , I mean it's kind of , our design . It's so if maybe a lot of people find it really ugly , you know , o other people find it really cool . I don't know or uh I don't know how you
 Yes .
 Yeah .
 Background colour .
 How do you guys feel ?
 I think I think the the fronts will give it a more uh uh uh less uglier uh side , because you can uh make it in your own yes , you can make it in your own uh
 Casting . Yeah .
 The different designs . Yes .
 Yeah .
 Okay .
 more to your own personality or or house style .
 Yeah , but we d we didn't we're we're not planning to use fronts , I believe . With a colour a co a colours . Oh , okay .
 No , not not fronts , but different designs .
 No , not fronts . Different designs . Different colours maybe , yeah .
 Yes .
 And that's still uh uh , yeah , is is uh is a little personal touch , I guess . What ?
 Okay , but
 Oh , maybe we should do three or something that w you know , our
 Yeah , wha wha what would you uh guys uh think ? Personally .
 Or forty .
 Yeah .
 Personally .
 We can make it a one .
 Yes , but what is it ?
 I think two or three .
 Guido ?
 Mm yeah .
 I agree .
 Two or three .
 Um , I uh I go for the positive . So I go for two .
 I was
 I was thinking about three , so I guess
 Uh , I was thinking about four , so I think three is uh
 three is uh a bit uh oh , what am I doing ? I'll mark it . The remote control's uh uh that n makes uh zapping easy .
 Okay , three .
 Yeah .
 Yeah well , let that let's make that a one .
 Yes .
 Two .
 Yeah ? Antek , you agree ?
 One . One . Okay yeah , I'll I'll agree .
 Yes .
 Yes .
 Yeah . You're not Antek .
 That's one thing for sure .
 I'm the I'm the usability , so
 I totally agree . The remote control the remote control's relevant buttons are prominently visible .
 Yes .
 Yeah .
 Yeah , two or a one , I guess . It's something we really put work into .
 The
 Yeah , I yeah . I would say a one because uh every button is uh uh relevant . And our oh yeah , it's a b yeah . Yeah ? Alright . That's a one ? You agree ?
 It's all about the buttons .
 Yeah .
 The remote control hasn't got too much redundant or unneeded buttons . I think we totally succeeded there . Oh
 But
 Well
 Well maybe a two , because of the menu button or something . And telete
 Yeah , well menu Yeah , maybe .
 Yeah , that's true . That's true .
 Also , the the the buttons of the one , the two , the the digits , o they're used uh uh
 Yeah , we don't know if the uh they're necessary .
 the the yeah , m well , you d you've got a point .
 I think a two .
 Yeah , true . Yeah , I agree .
 Can yes , three , two .
 Came a long way , but not we didn't not uh
 Two or three ?
 Mm two .
 Two ? Antek .
 But you can't make a remote control without them , because
 Because we got
 Nay that that that's true , that's true . They're definitely needed . So
 No , w w it can also always be more simplistic , but two is yeah .
 we put it on a two ?
 Yes .
 The remote control has got a really trendy look .
 Yes . A one .
 Maarten .
 Yeah , uh a t I think a two . Yeah yeah , y i it's hard to say from this picture .
 Well .
 Yeah .
 We we've tried to make it uh the the best trendy look uh ever .
 Yeah .
 Ever , yeah . Guido .
 But I do think it's more
 Uh , I will I will make it a three , because uh yeah . I I th
 But I do think that it's more trendy than beautiful .
 Yeah , uh I agree . I agree .
 Yes .
 So so I think maybe it has to score higher uh on this than on the
 Yeah . True , yeah .
 I was planning to give it a two , uh where I give the not ugly uh oh , yeah , that's true . You agree on the two ?
 A th a three .
 Yeah .
 Yes .
 I i uh when you compare to the
 Great . Remote control hasn't got too much redundant or unneeded buttons .
 Uh uh what's the difference with
 Uh , I copied that one .
 Well , uh forget that . Um
 Okay .
 Go away . Remote control has got innovative technology implanted .
 No . We're not well , maybe the the the on the side .
 No .
 No .
 No , not L_C_D_ , so .
 Yeah , but we uh you mean the rubber stuff ? Yeah , but we have t we have to talk about the lights uh . And I don't u also it's also really not innovative , it's more
 Yeah , and the light .
 And the light maybe .
 But that that's not innovative . Lights lights are
 But
 Well , I g
 It's not seven ?
 No , six . Or seven maybe , yeah . Or six .
 Well , six .
 No , six .
 Six .
 Why uh why not a seven ?
 Six .
 Yeah , mine is seven .
 Because we've tried to make it a little bit innovative , but it but it
 Yeah .
 How ?
 Uh it's uh depends on the on the maybe
 With the lights it it's it's kind of future
 No , I think I think actually it's a seven maybe , but there's nothing innovative about it .
 Yeah , you think the lights are innovative ?
 Well , it's n true . Uh , I agree , m but
 But still you can retrieve it when it's when it's gone , with the with
 Innovative in generally or just f original for
 I'll
 Yeah , you you didn't draw the docking station .
 Yes . The docking station is a is a little bit innovative . It's a part of the remote . And with the speaker on the there's also a speaker .
 N no no , t .
 Yeah , it it's I think I think with its
 A docking station is innova
 Yeah , I mean the dock station , but but uh , I think the the docking station , it's gonna be a kind of a problem . But
 I think more m
 Okay .
 Uh that that's n
 Well , let's leave it open for uh for us later to see what , because we have to reevaluate anyway . Well I i yeah . No ?
 Okay .
 No uh , well , the agenda says evaluate now , so I think we
 Okay , for now it's a six or a seven uh , sev six maybe , because
 It's it's a six .
 Six .
 But the retrieval or the
 That m f Yeah , for the retrieval function .
 Yeah , but I don't I don't know if it's very inno yeah .
 Yeah . I think that's very innovative for a remote control .
 Yes , how would you innovate a remote control more ?
 Yeah , v
 Yeah , more through uh like function T_V_ functionalities and no no , you know what I mean . You have must be innovative technology for remote controls , but more in how you control stuff , not in how you find your yeah . Yeah , it's that's that's think about it la later on and uh
 To put it on your head .
 Yeah sure , but
 But I d I definitely don't think it's a five , but
 Remote control is easy to use .
 Yeah , as a a one or a two ma uh at least .
 Yes .
 Yeah , a two .
 Yes .
 I think a two . Yeah ?
 Yeah , it's good .
 More two .
 Come on . The remote control hasn't got uh .
 No , I would have seen that one before . Oh , you skipped one uh
 I've just filled uh
 Uh , here .
 Go away .
 You like the buttons .
 I found twelve questions so much , but it still is ten .
 Remote control will be bought by
 It will be bought by people under the age of forty .
 Yes .
 Yeah . Definitely .
 Yes .
 In in and comparing with uh people of th of the age above ?
 Well
 No no no . No , just if they if they buy it .
 Uh , just in general . Yeah , a two .
 We don't know . But
 Yeah , but I think I think two .
 Yeah , what do you think ?
 Yeah , I think two , yeah . I agree . Two .
 Antek ?
 Yes , two , but only in c when you compare it with with elderly .
 Uh , that is not the question . It's just w it will be bought by people under forty .
 No , that's no comparison .
 Yeah , you can yeah , you can be very picky about it .
 And I don't mean two people .
 This is just guessing .
 Ah yeah , just make it we'll make it a two .
 Make it a two .
 W w
 When it succeeds , uh it can get a two , mu
 Right , the rem
 The remote control has recognisable corporate image , colour , logo or slogan .
 Oh no .
 Yeah . Yeah , you have make an slogan is quite obvious .
 We don't have the slogan though .
 Oh , the slogan . Can we see the slogan ?
 Oh the oh sorry , no , not not the slogan . Yeah , you can put that on the side if if we would like to .
 The logo .
 A logo .
 Underneath it or something .
 Yes , uh encrypted uh with
 Yeah , and I will I th still think it's gonna be a two or a three . Maybe a three this time .
 Are we gonna do that ?
 A three . Three .
 Yeah , a three .
 Yes .
 Three ? I agree .
 Because of the slogan Remote control's got a basic design intended uh for novice users .
 And uh
 Uh , it's a one or a two .
 Yeah , two .
 Yes .
 Two ? Two . Alright .
 Yeah , make it a two .
 Two .
 We gotta add up the scores now to see our total average . Four , five , seven , nine . Forget that . Fifteen , seventeen , twenty one , twenty four , twenty six .
 Twenty six .
 It's a two point six .
 It's not that bad . Yeah , and that's mostly the inno when we uh score higher on innovative technology , we would score two ,
 Alright , we yeah .
 Yeah . True .
 which is uh quite a great score . Okay . Uh , this is was uh the evaluation ?
 This was my evaluation . So
 Because I I still think that the most important part of this meeting still has
 We did a pretty nice job until now .
 Yeah .
 Um , is this your
 Is there something after this uh meeting ? Or
 Whatever .
 Well , I think we gotta fill out another questionnaire .
 No .
 Okay .
 Okay , yeah .
 Still opened or uh
 Yeah .
 Yeah .
**********
 Okay , finance . Because um
 Shoot .
 I received uh a spreadsheet .
 A five . A five .
 Yeah , but I uh actually don't need this presentation , I guess . Oh .
 Doesn't matter .
 I'm gonna open the spreadsheet and we're gonna work this out together , because I didn't really fin uh I have a .
 Didn't really finish it .
 Well , we uh We'll see . We'll stumble upon some problems .
 We probably will .
 I probably have already opened it here .
 try it again . First of all , the mm all the docking station and costs and such are not included in this list .
 But let's let's st start with beginning . We include one battery . I i uh I'll explain its Uh , the the components are listed over here . Uh , price is given . We um yeah , we we uh indicate the amount of components of the specif specific component , how much we need of them . And then uh , we'll uh calcula Don't watch the number yet . I don't know if it's filled in properly . Okay , we need one battery . One battery . I think one battery is enough . We don't need kinetic , solar cells , hand dynamo . A s okay , this this is a p first problem . Uh , I think
 The amount , yeah .
 Yes .
 we should know how many
 simple chips , regular chips
 Uh it's it's one one chip , but but you have to choose one from it .
 Okay .
 But
 The simple chip is e enough I I think , but with the lights with the lights and the retrieval , it can be uh
 I don't know
 Where did we find this information ? Was it
 I haven't got an idea on on which we need to use , really .
 No , uh I
 I think it was uh your job in the first uh meet Uh , f your first presentation to make this clear , but then you had some t time problems . But do you th you do you know what chip we need ?
 No .
 Yes , my my my uh
 Yeah .
 The the email I got said uh simple chip , but when we put in the speaker and the retriever uh device , it will uh cost a a bit more , like I think the advanced chip maybe .
 Yeah .
 And how do you know ? I mean , you got that email . Did it point out what to use them for ?
 Bec No , the they didn't know about a retriever or a speaker uh in it .
 Maybe you can uh look it up right now .
 Okay , but okay . When we don't when we leave the uh retriever and such aside , what then it would be a simple chip . And with the retriever , it would be an advanced chip .
 Then it's a simple chip .
 Yes , I I I s I
 Alright , well , point out the advanced chip for now , I guess .
 Okay . Yeah , but it will it will it will be cause a lot of problems . The sample sensor sample speaker . What is it m is that the speaker we were t I don't know what it is .
 That will be enough for future uh recommendations .
 I don't know it uh either .
 I don't know .
 Okay , we went for the double-curved case
 Yes .
 made out of plastic
 and rubber .
 And with a special colour .
 I guess that's what we were
 Well , special colour . .
 Yeah , I don't know about the special colour , but I think w uh
 Otherwise , you get uh a standard uh plastic colour .
 I don't know if it's very special .
 I don't
 Yeah , I think we uh we have special colours .
 Mm okay .
 Standard rubber .
 Alright , that's okay .
 Okay , then the push-button , I was just counting them . Uh , I think you have to indicate the amount of push-buttons we want to use , isn't it ?
 St
 Whoa , it's a little
 Yes .
 Well that's bit of a problem , because I re but I really don't understand that , because I can imagine a remote control with far more push-buttons , and it wouldn't be possible according to this uh sheet .
 That's huge .
 No . We have the simplest buttons .
 No .
 No , it's only uh when you use push-buttons , it will cost that much . If you use a scroll-wheel
 Yeah .
 I don't think so , because it says amount . The the the yellow row is the amount of
 Ah .
 Yeah , it wouldn't
 Fill in the number of components you plan to use in the and the total cost I don't know .
 Maybe it's the kind of push-buttons . You can have f four kind of push-buttons .
 I
 Rubber . You can have uh
 Uh , one til nine . Is that one or is that nine buttons ?
 And I count them like this .
 One two three uh four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve and thirteen . Because Oh , this is oh , this is one , okay . Twelve , okay , then it would be eighteen , because uh , I uh rated them as uh um
 Yeah .
 To n that's total of four buttons .
 as uh uh uh separate buttons . Yes . And plus these two , f uh plus the mute button , and it's will be uh eighteen .
 Different , yes .
 I think that
 Eighteen . One two three four five , si
 Why is that so uh expensive .
 Yeah , I don't understand . Y I do I don't get the point , because it's would be
 s relatively so expensive , just these m small buttons .
 Is it cents , the the the fifty cents a button ?
 Fifty cents for one single stupid button .
 So , whe when you so then it
 No way .
 Well , okay , well well let's make it just one .
 It's eighty percent of the price of the of the amount of
 Here , now it's now it's already s shall we just
 Yeah , exactly . Yeah .
 give our own interpretation to , because else we would really have a problem . It would be impossible to make it
 I can't I I I couldn't understand it if it was fifty cents per uh uh per button . Really .
 It's way
 When you have the same amount of button , you have to put in wi in your carton . Board . And then throw it
 And and less buttons than this isn't possible . This is the most simple yeah , it is possible , but I've never seen one before .
 Yeah , yeah ,
 No , no no .
 But whe
 I've seen one uh one remote control with only the pu yeah , only with uh page up , page down and volume , but but
 No , really .
 Yeah , without the numbers . That's possible .
 Yeah , uh
 Yeah , we could skip the numbers .
 Yeah , but I d I wouldn't want to own that . Really .
 That's still four .
 Uh , it's it's still for little children . They can handle that remote control , but but it isn't fo
 Yeah .
 Then uh , teletext would also be im impossible .
 Yes , it's for it's li uh it's just for a little
 Yeah , that's no option , that's no option .
 Okay , we'll we'll just okay . But then still , when we there's no room for a docking station or something . Tha w Le let's see th we have uh oh yeah , button supplements . We'll give the buttons special colour . We'll give them a special form . Uh , I think we should mark the special form thing , because it this will be some special forms incorporated in these big buttons , I guess .
 A special colour , why a special colour ?
 Because the buttons will be uh d will be matching colour between the buttons and the rubber surroundings . I think that's the what they mean by a special colour . I think all the special colour things have to be marked over here , because that's what we were planning to do , making it
 But wha what s what special ?
 Otherwise , it
 Okay , yeah .
 Otherwise it would be the
 I don't think the special form is really true .
 Uh , yeah .
 Special form also , it says .
 Yeah , special material r also , because i has rubber . And the buttons have to be rubber .
 Is it ?
 What is the normal material ?
 Yeah , I dunno .
 Plastic .
 Sh yeah .
 Plastic , I think .
 Classic ? Oh , plastic .
 Plastic .
 Plastic .
 'Kay , but the problem now is that the
 There's no such thing as a docking station in this list , but we can all imagine that it would be impossible to make a docking station for thirty cents .
 Yeah .
 But we can uh sell the remote control and uh sell the docking station yes . And and but we don't have to tell it , but what we can say of can um almost make it impossible to buy a remote control without the docking station .
 Separately .
 Se no no no .
 Yeah , yeah . Yeah , but I do like the idea , but we yeah . It uh but it then the docking station isn't relevant for this project anymore , but we can but then you still have to use we have to find out what chip we u need .
 No .
 No , but you otherwise you can't retrieve it .
 Yeah , I really don't get it . I mean if it's a simple chip , then we suddenly got two Euros and thirty cents .
 I think we can agree on this . I I think the special colour thing has to be uh marked .
 'Cause I think we uh Yeah , I think that's what what what they uh mean
 Yeah , yep .
 But for two Euros and thirty cents , we uh we don't get a docking station .
 I think so , too .
 Oh , I don't know .
 But can we find out uh about uh this chips ? Because when we don't need a d a docking station , then probably we also have only we also need a simple chip .
 And then we can get a docking station .
 And maybe then we can do something extra . Oh , n uh oh , still oh , it's gonna get more expensive with . Two . Then we have some money left . We can put then
 For
 For two Euros .
 We can put a scroll-wheel on it or something .
 Uh why ? I mean i i if you if it would cost two Euros , that had a total a total thing , it would be nice too , I mean uh we're not gonna add uh a trip to Hawaii to it .
 Yeah , well who knows . Or a little bit of tin titanium .
 But what what can we do
 Yeah , or we can ki do the kinetic cells . That's also maybe an idea .
 But uh what can we do with the simple chip and what's difference with a regular chip and a advanced chip ?
 Yeah that's what then what he has to find out . Maybe you can uh find it in your email right now , then we know then we exactly know what it will cost us . Maybe is that that's nice to know .
 If if i
 Regular chip and because we don't have uh special functions to use uh in advanced chip , for example .
 Yeah , bu bu but when we yeah , but when we skip when we um when we don't use the do we're not gonna make the docking station , then we still yeah , we need something else maybe to make it kind of special , because that was our our special feature .
 I like the hand dynamo part .
 We can make a plain docking station for two Euros . I mean
 Yeah .
 We'll go back uh tomorrow .
 Yeah , okay , you can also do that , but maybe
 Wi wi without recharge
 It still is a special remote control cons uh you know , wi its form is special and material .
 Yeah , but but we can make a docking station for two Euros uh if you don't put the recharge function in it . I mean ,
 it has a shape . Of course it has a shape , but i i
 Yeah , but for two Euros , then we have still maybe we have to use the advanced chip , then two Euros isn't even possible .
 Why should that not be possible ?
 Yeah , then because then we'd thirty cents left .
 No , for for the uh for the docking station if you do if you choose the simple chip .
 Yeah , but yeah , I don't know , because maybe d uh yeah , we have to find out with the simple chip .
 That's the question . If we do i do we need an advanced chip , or is it okay f
 Yes .
 Yeah , and w and and we uh need f and what is this ? Sample sensor sample speaker .
 It isn't in my information , so I don't know it uh either . It isn't in my information , I uh I I've got a
 schematic view of the remote control , but nothing about uh advanced chips or
 You can look at it for s presentation .
 S technical functions ?
 No .
 Uh I've got here in uh I will put a I will put a page on it .
 No no , they were uh mine , yeah .
 Oh .
 When my mouse works again .
 Oh , oh oh .
 Hey .
 Oh .
 My mouse is uh
 Dead .
 Yes .
 Reanimate it .
 Oh .
 Died .
 Ah , I've got it . I will put uh
 my email on the
 the network .
 What the hell are these ?
 It's on it .
 Oh , whatever .
 Yeah , it's open .
 Mm .
 I don't think here it's in here already .
 It's circuit board .
 It's only just basics for for
 It's nothing about s yeah .
 Yes .
 At the end circuit there is an infrared LED .
 This isn't helpful .
 No .
 But i in the presentation of yours , there was also something about different components . Which one was it ?
 Components design .
 Functional requirements ?
 Um
 No , that was my presentation .
 Components design maybe .
 Yes , that was mine .
 N on top .
 Ah .
 Ah yes , it was the second one .
 But that was my second
 Yeah , it was your second your first presentation .
 It's already open .
 It's at the bottom .
 Working design .
 Sorry ?
 It's uh at your task bar .
 Yeah , but it's the the other one .
 Oh .
 Mm
 Was it working design or components design ?
 Uh , this is n this is not this n that's not the right one . I don't oh .
 Sorry .
 Okay , sorry .
 No , this is the other one . Or maybe something is uh maybe there's something abo in in these
 Chip set .
 But this is the same uh
 This is o only the possibilities .
 Here .
 Yeah .
 We can use a simple , a regular , or advanced chip .
 Yeah , nice . I it doesn't say anything .
 The display requires an advanced chip .
 You know that a push-button requires a simple chip , but a scroll-wheel , it it me requires Okay , so we only need a simple chip .
 Ah , okay .
 Requires .
 With the light .
 Little lights . Yeah , but that that's just the same as the the LED .
 No no , that's just a simple chip .
 That's not needed .
 A scroll-wheel it s uh only states that a scroll-wheel requires a regular chip , and that a display requires an advanced chip . So , we don't need any of them .
 A display uh is , of course , uh for showing letters . For showing text . I don't think that uh just a l a little light
 L_C_D_ .
 Yeah .
 No .
 I think uh the uh normal uh simple chip will be okay .
 Yeah , I agree .
 And what's the sample sensor slash sample speaker ?
 Maybe you can say against the remote uh page uh f uh page up , page down .
 Yeah .
 Yeah , I guess so too .
 Yeah , true .
 Next channel .
 Well , that's not too what we want .
 No . Well , we might want it , but
 Okay .
 All in twelve Euros .
 Back to the costs .
 Yeah .
 Twelve Euros and fifty cents .
 So we're gonna use the simple chip .
 So , simple chip is okay .
 Great . Delete . Yeah .
 And the lights . Where uh are the lights ?
 Yeah , lights , yeah , there's no
 Well , there're three , I guess .
 category .
 Nah , there is some money left to be spent .
 Can we do it wi within two two Euro ?
 I think we can make a docking station . Yeah .
 Okay , but what we have to think about now is that is is it still a special remote control ? But I mean it isn't it hasn't got any innovative technology , we aren't gonna apply any uh innovated innovative te technology anyway , I think . I don't I don't see any possibility to do so , because it would wouldn't fit our defi design philosophy . But what w is there some extra maybe I think maybe the kinetic thing is something .
 Mm-hmm .
 But it's original .
 No , that's true .
 Instead of the rechargeable the rechargeable thing was something to um know , so y so people wouldn't have to worry about their batteries anymore . Maybe we if we put the kinetic thing in it
 M bu
 But but sometimes you put a
 Yeah , you leave the p yeah , I know , but still I they will think about that . I mean if you u
 Kinetics aren't uh nowadays only used in watches and that's because you're always walking .
 The uh it's made for s people well , the they don't if it was uh uh r useless technology , they wouldn't put it uh as a possibility . And i it it th th the the target the target uh group are people who zap regularly and throw with their remote control as a matter of speaking . Because I think it when when there w was a remote control where it was useful to have a kinetic uh uh power source , then it would be this one . Because it's one it gets thrown around thrown around a lot and it gets used a lot
 Uh solar cells are useless .
 Or the hand dynamo dynamo
 Yeah .
 Hey that maybe that's cool that's a cool thing about it , you know . You don't use batteries . I've never seen it before in a remote control .
 Yeah , but but if we ca
 I don't know if
 But then we could make a docking station .
 Five minutes .
 No , we we we can't make a docking station anyway .
 That's not true .
 Yeah , we can als or uh also m we we can make one we can still make
 We can make a docking station for two thirty .
 Wow , w why no li Look at now , we got two
 Two thirty .
 Fo for a docking station . With a cable , with uh buttons on it , with retrieval uh device in it .
 two thirty left . Ca can't we make a docking station of that ?
 We can make a docking station . Sure .
 Sure .
 I don't know .
 The power device is is i i is very cheap . That's just a regular uh power cable and whatever .
 Yeah , but be serious , then uh the docking station will be a fifth of the price of the remote control .
 Wi with a button to
 Well , we we uh
 So .
 wi with a button to retrieve it , so it will beep . Uh , so it's uh wireless technology .
 Yeah .
 Yeah , but we uh we don't inc we haven't looked at the these costs of the speaker and other stuff .
 I don't think it's realistic for you to do so .
 Well then it's a useless project .
 Look at the case , the case the case of of uh of uh
 Oh , because we
 Yeah , then we don't have any innovation things .
 We well look at all the special stuff we have . Colour a the colours are special , the form is special . It th this is whole concept . Uh maybe it with the kinetic thing , I think we could do uh do a compromise uh with the kim kinetic thing .
 Can't we uh
 Can't we say fifteen Euros ?
 Uh , no .
 No , sta yeah I mean
 No , then we have to sell it for thirty Euros .
 No .
 No , we only make less profit of it .
 It's the
 You can sell for twenty seven and a half .
 Then you make as much profit as you would with twelve and a half production costs .
 No .
 Yeah , I don my suggestion is to just forget about the whole docking station thing and make it uh like a
 Uh uh I I I I still fee I also feel this concept of making it kinetic ,
 because of the you know , it g it gives something dynamic to the remote control .
 I don't think
 Maybe we can uh can do it both . Maybe we can do it both uh in the in the in the remote . Battery and kinetic .
 No .
 No , that wouldn't n no .
 Thirteen twenty .
 Yeah , and it is also not a good it's not you have to really do it only kinetic , you don't want it to think about batteries anymore .
 And I think only
 Yes , but when it's then when it then you have to shake it uh and all when it's when it's empty .
 Yeah , but only kinetic , then you gotta
 No no .
 Yeah , it's great .
 You you gotta throw uh throw it through the room like twenty times an hour , really .
 No no no . No no , this is very sophisticated technology technology . When you use it your remote like once a day , or maybe even less i i it
 You asked for three d
 No , that's n that's not true . Uh , a watch is uh kinetic because you walk all the time .
 No .
 It We can make it yeah no . Becau be but a remote control gets why do they state that this technology can be used if it
 Yes , solar cells are also stated .
 Yeah , m but a w uh uh n uh a calculator also works on r on solar cells .
 Why don't we use solar cells then ?
 Because I think the d whole dynamic part , do you know , appeals to me qui uh thinking of our design philosophy , you know , with the rubber parts and uh sturdiness of the thing , and y when you move it around a lot , then people find the idea funny that when I move my remote control around and
 That's true .
 Yeah , it's funny for a week . I guess something like that , where you have to move it around very frequently , is demotivating .
 Yeah , but you don't have to . Trust me . The idea of this technology is that you don't think about it , it just happens .
 No , I I don't move my uh my remote control very much , seriously .
 Okay , then we d Okay , well y we don't have to do it , but what that would just have a lack of key features , you know . You m have to put something on your box . You have to make people buy it and uh
 Oui .
 We can really can do the docking thing , uh it's not yeah , uh we can do it , but it's would be a easy way out .
 You can do it for fifty cents .
 Well , we've got more than fifty Cents .
 The c The case the case alone is is is uh
 Okay , but we have to grou to agree upon something , because uh we only have a minute left or so .
 the case alone for uh remote control is at least one Euro .
 Then we have one Euro thirty for the whole docking station .
 No no , it's not possible .
 Okay , w b we can s we can leave it on be well then then th it's this is then then our concept is ready .
 Cheap remote control .
 Yeah , we make some extra profit of it .
 Yeah . No , we won't , but that's um something else . No , this not gonna sell . No .
 But now
 It w it won't tell , but
 Huh , any ideas ?
 Of course not .
 No , uh , n no
 Great . It's great .
 Yeah , we just have to go all what we did today again . You have to do it over .
 Our remote control .
 We come back tomorrow , okay ?
 Yeah . the
 No no uh there's still there's still someth concept and something special left . I mean we're gonna it's gonna excel in in on in the the range in the field of design and and uh looks and feel .
 Yes .
 Seventy Euros .
 No , but no .
 That's what it's makes it special .
 Yeah , and I would li I would have liked a kinetic part as well , to give it some
 just to give it some extra special feature , and uh I know it will work , but uh it's it's an They're they're not putting technologies on this , but if it if it was impossible to
 to make it happen .
 Why not a hand dynamo then ?
 Okay , well we leave it like this . Then it's c then we're yeah .
 Yeah , yeah .
**********
 We can't do anything else . Warning , finish meeting now .
 We're done .
 Yes , yes . Celebration . I don't see why , but
 Yes .
 Where's the champagne ?
 I think we gotta fill out another questionnaire , to be honest .
 Okay , project e uh well , we were gonna what look take a look at the last sheet .
 Is this it ?
 Yeah , sure .
 Okay .
 No , we can't .
 Yeah , we have to Yeah , it's
 No .
 Yeah ?
 I don't uh hear a bell .
 No , not yet .
 Alright , I'll see you guys in a minute .
 We can do it here then .
 Bye .
 I don't think so .
 Can we can't we do it here ?
 I don't know . I don't I don't think so .
 Uh-huh .
 Just fill that one in .
 Yeah , we're doing now . But it's .
 Oh , okay .
 Uh , I don't know .
 Nice .
**********
