 Two .
 Good morning .
 Hello . Hello .
 Hello .
 Ah .
 You have to put it exactly on the on the yeah .
 Plate ?
 Okay .
 Good morning .
 Good morning .
 I took your mouse . Yeah just yeah , no , that's for me , I just have to make some notes . I got my uh mouse .
 Should I bring my uh pen too ? Or
 Okay .
 Uh I also forgot my mouse , but I don't need my mouse , I think .
 Mouse .
 yeah .
 I do .
 Come on . There we are .
 My laptop is crashing .
 Damn computers .
 Cr
 Help help help .
 Let's just check one more time .
 Mm .
 Can you hear me ? Hello ? Test . I dunno .
 Uh actually my laptop doesn't work , switch it on again .
 Check . Okay . I think it works .
 Oh no .
 Test test . Yes , it's working .
 So you all read what we are going to do or not ? Okay .
 Mm-hmm . We're gonna make a remote control .
 Yeah .
 Yeah , that's right .
 I think my laptop is a bit
 etchy .
 I just made a a simple uh presentation .
 So you put some things in it .
 Okay .
 How does this work ? I dunno .
 One uh most to the right . Yes that one . Yes .
 Uh p
 This one ?
 Press F_ eleven .
 Ah cool .
**********
 Okay . So that's my name , . Uh we're going to make uh a remote control , you already know that . Just have a look , are we going to uh this agenda of our meeting . You know , this is about twenty five minutes , this meeting .
**********
 So um the thing we have to know is you already know what we're going to do , you also read what this the things or , not yet , okay . So um , yeah , it has to be original , trendy , user-friendly that's what we're going to design . Uh first we have uh uh three steps of uh making the the remote control . Fir the first thing is th the functional design , that's very important . We have to look what the needs are , the effects of the functional design , and and how the mm the the remote control works , so that's where we're going to look in the functional design , it's for the f next meeting .
 Yes .
 The the second thing is the conceptual design , that's what it that's uh the spe the specifications of the components and the properties and the specifications of the user interface . And we have to look what uh the market is doing for what kind of uh remote controls are in the market . And the third thing is uh the detailed design um and that's exa yeah , you know what it is , it's exactly how it looks and whatever . Okay so uh no , this is a these are two smartboards , with the uh f uh s an introduction of that one .
 And you already saw you know all that that you here can put uh things in the the red project uh map . Folder , okay .
 Folder , yes .
 So no okay have a look at that one .
 Okay .
**********
 So uh what we're going to do first is um
 so you can read . You have to uh draw uh a favourite animal on the whiteboard and um and say why it's your favourite animal . So and you have this is just to try it out and we have to uh use a different pen colours and different thickness of the pen .
 So okay , so first have to show you , maybe you can come here to have a look how it works .
 Yes ? Okay . This a new page , it's okay . Use pen format .
 Ah I can see it now .
 Yeah .
 and a different colour can use here no I just take the pink .
 You take oh there's no pink , okay , oh just purple , okay . No blue . And uh line width ten . Okay uh just take what I'm going to draw is an elephant .
 Purple .
 Just draw slowly , because otherwise it won't work .
 It's a very
 nice elephant , you can see .
 I dunno what it looks but it doesn't matter .
 Looks very nice .
 I just h
 Something like this ? Oh no
 It look like a dinosaurs .
 Yeah , okay . Because I like uh okay .
 A pink elephant .
 Just takes so long , okay . Whatever , just .
 You erased this one .
 It's a bit slow you can see , this is a bit annoying .
 Okay .
 Okay , so just
 for you guys just one of you can draw a painting if you want .
 Let me try one .
 Just don't um yeah , just u use it like that , yeah . That's okay .
 Okay .
 Mm . Okay and then uh what's the colour ? How do I do
 It's in format .
 Yeah .
 Ah .
 I'll take this one .
 Uh there has to be water , but
 Just
 No it has to be an animal , so if that's it's it should be a shna snake or something . Okay . Okay okay . Okay .
 Yeah yeah , but it's an animal it's an animal that lives in the water . So I first uh draw the water .
 Okay .
 The water is important .
 Uh . Okay , and now
 I make the animal .
 It's a fish .
 Wow .
 Okay , cool .
 Mm-hmm .
 So .
 Um
 This is a worm .
 Hmm yeah , that's nice .
 Wow .
 Okay , who next ? Uh
 Uh do you have to write down why uh that doesn't matter , just it's to get used to the whiteboard , but it's okay . Just make a new blank new blank page .
 Okay .
 Yeah .
 Well Paul ?
 Yeah . Like this ?
 Yeah , not too far to the to the t pen top .
 Okay . Um
 let's make it
 um
 a dog .
 Ooh .
 Maybe you should hold your pen a bit more to the back , so that no , to the yeah .
 I think it's a pig .
 Ah okay .
 A pig ?
 I can make a dog .
 No , it's a dog .
 Or a dog .
 Um
 A sheep ?
 Uh we d only have twenty five minutes , so .
 Take it easy .
 'Kay , I make a cat of it .
 I I was gonna make a cat too .
 Use your fantasy .
 Oh , not too quick .
 Just hold it more more to the back then you don't have okay .
 No I have it .
 I just draw too quick I think .
 Okay , that's it .
 More .
 No , that's okay , thank you .
 It's just to get used to it .
 Okay .
 I thought these pens would be just um uh you write it down and you download it to Word , you already did it or no ? No , not yet , okay . But it's just
 No .
 Yeah , that's right , it but you actually got to write on the paper . You really got to write on that paper .
 Sorry ?
 Yeah , I know , but I d I I thought it would be just in in in uh typed words in Word , so that's not just it's just a picture . So it's not that cool as I th thought it would be .
 Yeah yeah , it's a real pen .
 Yeah , but it's just a picture .
 Oh .
 You really
 Y you can you can't edit in the edit it in Word .
 No .
 No .
 Oh , okay .
 It's a donkey .
 I don't know , what time did we start this meeting , I'm not sure .
 Uh I think it was uh
 Half past .
 Half past ten .
 Yeah .
 Okay .
 Brilliant .
 Okay , perfect .
 Nice , eh ?
 Yep .
 Yeah , thank you . Now we just have to save everything , so .
 Oh this is definitely the best one .
 Uh .
**********
 Okay , so
 uh what we know is that we have to sell this uh remote control for about twenty five Euros .
 Excuse me .
 Okay , that's . And uh we have to make a profit of fifty million Euros , so we have to uh use a big market in Europe .
 Piece of cake .
 The production cost are about half the price of selling price , sorry .
 Uh easy .
 So can someone make a
 a calculation about how many we have to sell of these to make fifty million , I dunno .
**********
 Uh so we're gonna have a little discussion about um what experience are with a remote control the and everything , so just have a look how it we think about remote controls .
 Yeah , my first question was does it have to be a a universal remote control ?
 Oh yeah , that's a good question .
 Because we sell it uh uh uh lonely from the t and not with the television , we sell it uh apart .
 I think it's I'm not I'm not sure , it's not mm I think
 So I
 Yeah , it probably would be universal .
 Universal . And only television ? Or more devices ?
 Because
 I don't think you can buy a a a universal uh remote control for twenty five Euros , so not sure , but
 Hmm , maybe , I don't know .
 Yeah , I know uh you can buy a re a universal uh control for uh only twenty uh Euros
 Okay , so we we just say we just say that's universal remote control . Okay , perfect .
 Yeah , I think .
 Ah okay .
 And uh also for the V_C_R_ and uh D_V_D_ player and okay .
 Yeah , everything just so a lot of buttons on the remote control .
 Yeah , probably .
 Not just a T_V_ .
 No , just everything .
 Okay .
 . so yeah , what what what's a remote control , it's just a black thing with some buttons on it , it's not nothing very special , but um yeah , that's right .
 Okay .
 Well we can try to make it special .
 So do you have any ideas how it has to look for for usability or user
 Well
 Well I th I thought about um making it the same uh style as the television , we don't have uh the same television uh all the time , so uh that's no matter . Um if we uh control the V_C_R_ and the D_V_D_ player player with it
 uh it has to be clear , because uh kids and uh elderly are gonna use it , so uh it's not only for the uh technical persons .
 Um
 I think it must be a very good control , so you can uh uh uh act uh use it from uh everywhere in your room , the the infrared uh thing must be from very good quality .
 Hmm yeah .
 That's right . Should be a good point .
 Yeah . Nothing
 Okay .
 And how big should it be ?
 N
 No . Yeah . I dunno um
 It shouldn't be too big , but I don't think we can make it too small , 'cause it has to have a lot of functions , so .
 Yeah .
 We can't make it smaller than the things we see now I think .
 Just big enough for the buttons we have , that's that's it .
 Yeah . Or we have to make something uh
 like uh mobile phones that you can uh fold it opem . Maybe then you can make it s smaller and uniquer ,
 Yeah . Yeah .
 Yes
 maybe more trendy .
 But you you you you think about uh uh one you can fold open . Okay , yeah , that's cool . Maybe for the D_V_D_ pla player or something , if you just okay .
 Fold open , where you can see uh more options . I think
 Ah that's that's
 Yeah n
 Yeah , something uh on top , just dren general things like volume and T_V_ channels and inside things you don't use that often .
 Ah right right .
 Yeah , or you c
 Yeah .
 Oh that's good , yeah .
 O or you could th think of an uh uh a small touch screen on the remote control .
 Yeah b I wanted
 Yeah .
 Why should you use a touchscreen on a remote control ? There are buttons on it .
 Uh maybe be uh it's it's
 No you can make an uh manual in it .
 Yeah , or um maybe to keep it uh easy and uh small .
 Okay .
 Yeah , but
 But it's not t t t too expensive to put a touchscreen on it .
 But that's Yeah , I think it's much uh too expensive .
 Uh like a a to have Yeah , maybe it would .
 Yeah but it's not reachable I think , touch screen . And we have to care for uh the strength of the remote control , because uh uh remote controls are most uh things in the house that falls down on the ground and it get often uh broken .
 Yeah .
 Yeah . So . And if you have a touch screen in it , it's definitely too too fragile uh fragile .
 Yeah , too fragile .
 Yeah and a lots uh uh lots of kids use it and touchscreen is not uh kids uh
 No .
 You can put games on your remote control . Whatever .
 Kid-proof .
 Yeah .
 And uh how about the batteries ? Uh should you put it in a recharger or a just
 Um
 Oh maybe that's a good idea , just to put it on your television and just s recharge , you never have to use any batteries .
 Ma maybe a home station .
 Yeah .
 Mm yeah .
 Maybe that's a good idea , but yeah , we have to look at the price now I think .
 Yeah , how m how mu how how expensive uh is a normal recharger ?
 Yeah .
 Yeah , I dunno .
 Well uh how much is your uh standards uh mobile phone recharger ?
 I dunno .
 Yeah , if you buy it uh separately from your phone it's probably expensive , but I don't know what the project uh projection costs are for such a thing .
 Ah yeah .
 Maybe have uh
 Uh if you th look at the market , it's probably it's still the best way just to put batteries in it , because maybe it's too expensive .
 Yeah , 'cause well
 Yeah .
 Yeah , but a home station is uh a really good idea , because uh lots of people are uh lose their remote control and don't know where it is , and now you can put it always at the same place . Maybe it's
 Yeah , that's right , yeah .
 Yeah .
 Yeah .
 Therefore it's a good idea , but maybe it's expensive .
 Maybe uh use it as a separate option . Sell it uh separately .
 Yeah .
 You can yeah , you can buy it with it .
 Yeah , but I have a mouse that's uh uh also uh
 Rechargeable .
 Yeah , and and you just have normal batteries that you can recharge and just put it in the station , or you can change your batteries , so .
 Yeah .
 Oh yeah .
 The option , just the option , that's cool .
 Yeah .
 Uh I I set something on paper already , size , looks , uh usable , uh the buttons on usable places , uh the the on off button must be on top , uh it has to lay good in the hand , you you have to uh
 Yeah .
 Yeah .
 Has it be has does it has to b have to be um uh like a different form than a normal remote control or
 Yeah , I don't I don't know I don't know if we
 Well I think we have to look at that , 'cause well you can do the standard way , but then you won't
 You can make it very special , to create our own um looks , but it's very hard to
 Yeah
 N uh if if we want to make it special , we probably have to do a lot of testing , if it really works .
 Nah .
 Well you can um
 have uh the basic things on the same place , like on off button on top and the T_V_ channels one two three four as a block , and then the volume uh obviously on t on top , so you can see . But the rest is uh you don't use that often , so if you have a clear button with an good icon on it , it should be clear as well . So it doesn't matter what place it is on the remote control I think , so you can do something unique with that .
 Yeah .
 Yeah .
 Yeah .
 And what we have to think about too is uh uh buttons that you use often are um maybe uh like when you fold it open , when you have it closed , you can still uh do the th the functions . Yeah . But n yeah , but uh i basically when I'm watching T_V_ I'm just using like five buttons or so , so .
 Yeah yeah , what Paul already said . Uh on on top are the the basic options on top , and if you fold it open
 Yeah , just for the T_V_ and just the normal function , that's fine .
 Yeah , yeah .
 But maybe it's
 Yeah . That's what I meant .
 maybe it's very hard to to make it fold open and to l look like it's very uh uh what's it's called ?
 Mm . If you if if you make to fold open it's or also an uh the strength uh is not s as good as a normal uh remote control .
 Maybe it's hard t
 Uh
 No , that's right . So maybe we have to to uh keep it like mm a square , just normal remote control .
 Okay , but yeah .
 Just think about it .
 Yeah .
**********
 We have to close this uh to finish this uh meeting , so . There's some more things . We have uh another thirty minutes , so then we're going to meet again . So you know what you have to what you have to do ?
 Okay .
 Okay .
 Yeah .
 Um for m for me uh the Marketing Expert , the user requirements uh specification , do I need to think as a user , a as a a a only the looks and the
 No , what you want to do with it .
 Yeah , I think this if you you have to n know if it's for s a T_V_ , a D_V_D_ player , all that things . Also from a user , but all these things together . Yeah , everything .
 Okay .
 Yeah , it's also about strength and uh for everything uh .
 Yeah , I also wrote down some stuff that you want on a
 Yeah , no maybe not not uh , that's not a f that's something for for for yeah . That's not for you .
 Technical fun fu
 Okay .
 Just if what's in the market , what's normal , uh what kind of uh buttons do you have .
 What do you want to do with your remote control , what do you need on your remote control . I already wrote some down , some ideas .
 Yeah , it's alright .
 Yep .
 Yeah , just is that okay ?
 Okay .
 Yep .
 Okay .
 Okay .
 There's already a document in the
 folder about it .
 Yeah , me too .
 So see you in thirty minutes .
 Okay , well done .
 Okay .
 Okay .
 For the next time you have to uh put it exactly on the square , so your laptop .
 I will .
 Oh Paul .
 It didn't say that .
 No , sorry .
 Your fault .
 Ciao .
 Bye bye .
 Bye bye .
**********
