 Uh fourth meeting .
 We have to do what ?
 W what ? Alri alright . We'll see .
 Some extra deciding .
 Well
 Oh .
 I'll show you the notes again . Very interesting . Well you'll you two will uh present us your prototype .
 Yeah .
 Then um I guess that's your bit ? I I didn't s see anything about it , so I already uh thought you uh you were to do that . So the you're uh . I'll show you how we're going to do with financing this uh design .
 Yeah .
 Mm .
 Yeah , that's important too . Yeah .
 Bit late .
 And then we'll evaluate , after after we have redesigned it . Because uh well we'll see about the costs . Um we'll uh evaluate our p our uh production
 and then uh we can close .
 Alright .
 Well the finance uh we'll do later , so um firstly uh I'll show you the notes . I don't think it's very interesting .
 I think it is .
 Oh nei . Uh no .
 Alright .
 This is copy paste . So
 From me of course , yeah . Well from us all , yeah , from all of us . Yeah . It's a nice chorus , yeah .
 Of course . You had some very strange layout . Well um
 We ge we went through the agenda , and well we had some uh some presentations from you three . And uh I summarised what you said to us . So uh I don't think it's very interesting and go through it again . So uh
 Repeat it yeah . Alright .
 This is what we decided . It's also copy paste from what we made together . So we still know that . And then uh we can we can uh use the time better .
 Okay .
 Well uh next you two will uh present uh the pot prototype for us .
 Alright , we both uh will ? Or one of us will ? Uh
 Yeah .
**********
 Alright .
 No you go and I'll uh
 Alright . If I make mistakes uh you'll uh
 supplement you .
 Yeah .
 Correct .
 Right . Uh well this is our design . Uh it's pretty uh much uh like uh Mike draw uh drew uh the in the during the last meeting . With uh the different uh perspectives of it . Uh we'll begin uh with the front .
 We have of course uh the the round shape uh the round uh basic shape . Um with uh the upper part being the front . Th So there's this part um which is made of hard plastic , the front .
 And uh we're we're using different colours . Of course for the launch we use the basic ugly colours , and later we'll put out uh more interesting covers with different patterns and pictures and everything . But basically , different colours , bright colours not black , too dark . Fancy colours . Um then we have uh the lower part
 Yeah .
 Mm-hmm .
 of the of the device . Uh which is of course um part of the back actually , because it's also titanium .
 You can see it also on the on the on the side view , that only this part is the front , and the rest of it , the under uh the under side uh of it , yeah , the back side and the lower part of the front is of course titanium made of titanium , and has the titanium colour of course , the look .
 Um then we have uh on back on the front uh the logo in the upper corner , uh which is uh made uh which is also part of the back , part of the titanium uh titanium part . Yeah ?
 Mm .
 Yeah , it's a double R_ , but
 It's a double R_ .
 It's a double R_ . Yeah the logo Uh uh it's difficult to draw so small , but it's our double R_ uh logo is in there . Um so that's the logo in the upper lef uh right corner .
 But it's very difficult to to draw that in Yeah .
 Yeah , alright .
 Okay .
 Yeah .
 Then we have the buttons . Uh it's difficult to draw again the little oval or round I think oval will be better for the for the d for the different uh channel buttons .
 Oval yeah .
 Alright .
 So uh oval , n those are here . And then we have the m
 The m
 Channel up and volume ?
 Yeah the the con the the the , yeah , the t volume and the channel controls uh in the middle here . Um um with kind of arrow shapes , which makes it also a bit more exciting than basic round or um uh
 uh square buttons . And also here are the two uh buttons we agreed on . We have the Okay button . Oh nei we uh the Okay button's here in the middle of the of the operators , of the channel and uh volume um changers . And then we've here the Menu button and the
 Yeah .
 Mm-hmm .
 Alright .
 Menu for the L_C_D_ screen .
 And the video button . The Yeah . And of course this low part , this is the L_C_D_ screen .
 Mm right .
 So
 'Kay .
 Uh this is what we made of it . You can make uh suggestions uh if you want .
 Well if I look at it , the side the side view
 Well , at the back
 Maybe we maybe we should finish first uh our talk and then you can add suggestions . Maybe I I don't want to I don't want to suppress you but n I'll uh finish this uh quick . Um okay I've had everything I guess on the front ? Yeah the back . Yeah .
 Yeah .
 Oh yeah alright . Yeah .
 No the back . With the logo and our uh l uh
 We thought about Yeah , uh the back is of course totally titanium . And we thought about the logo big in the middle . Just so again the double R_ . We have then the logo on front and on the back . Maybe that's too much but you have to say uh say that if you think that way .
 Mm-hmm .
 Mm-hmm .
 Okay .
 No I don't think
 And the company slogan , we thought in a kind of arc shape uh above the logo . That's basically what we were thinking about , and
 And the
 Yeah .
 Yeah .
 Okay .
 And about the side view um
 W
 This the front won't be as thick , but again th the the drawing technique makes it very difficult to to really uh
 Well I see , but
 Oh and uh before I forget . Yeah the the voice , of course , the voice recorder is uh at the bottom . And you can record it uh using , yeah , the the the back of the f w device .
 Well . Yeah I see it .
 Yes .
**********
 When I look at uh when I look at this side view , I think w when I have that in my hand , it's terrible . If if you look if if this this is thick , and this is thin , th th then it that it lies over your hands . But
 Well , it won't be visible .
 Mm ?
 Why ?
 Well it fits uh it it it it fits the hand , mean uh the the the the
 Yeah .
 Yeah , I agree .
 Well what what what I what I agree is that when uh when um you have such of uh an arc in the middle , so that the the a the ends and the
 fronts is a bit thicker , so th then it falls over your hands .
 If y
 If you handle a remote , you you usually don't have your hand straight like this . You you have it a bit uh Yeah .
 In the middle in the
 It depends on the size . If it's kinda small , this is is great . But if it's it's larger , then you want to grab it .
 And how large is it ?
 Yeah .
 Yeah , that's the question .
 That's the question . Uh well Yeah . H What do you suggest I mean we do ? This was Mike's prototype , and y you seemed to agreed on it . But now you have a totally different .
 Well uh
 Well the sides I haven't seen yet , uh ?
 Well , they lay there all the time .
 The size ? Yeah well the size doesn't really matter w I mean Side ? Uh oh the side ? W we we he drew the s the side , but you d you weren't paying attention as usual . Well any case , we'll discuss it now . Uh I think uh this is a pretty good uh good idea .
 They the the the the the side view , we didn't uh
 Yeah yeah .
 Yeah , I agree with the L_C_D_ screen . You have it in your palm like this , and you can watch uh watch the screen . And if you have it li in the middle , your hand might be over it .
 Yeah .
 But you you hold it like this . You're not holding it like this or something .
 Yeah you you don't you don't grab it , you you
 You , yeah , y How do you call it ? Yeah . Well y y y you don't have it like this . You have it more like this . You you you're using buttons this way , or if you're right-handed , this way .
 No no no .
 Like you're holding your telephone .
 Yep .
 Yeah .
 So you Yeah . So
 Because if you have a screen on it , you wanna look at your screen .
 Hmm .
 Yeah well
 That way , it it falls into your hand . I think .
 Okay .
 Yeah , I agree on this .
 And maybe you can you can grab it a bit higher , so Well
 No , I don't think so . That's not uh the point
 No but but
 Well the the Well that's a reason to to to put the L_C_D_ screen uh of course on the upper side , but
 Well f for as far as I can see , three of us agree and only Nils
 Yeah well uh I think uh if you t if you three uh agree then then that's it .
 But you're the Project Manager , you can make the hard decisions .
 Yes . So uh I c I c Well , we'll we we'll do it like this . Alright , if you think that that's the way it should
 If necessary . But uh are d Can you live with it ? Uh
 Yeah ?
 Y Yeah , y y y y you said it was totally uh unusable . But do you
 No No , when I I my personal taste is that I want it to fall over my hands with a thick But
 But d you don't think this is completely unusable I guess . I think .
 In the market uh
 No not totally . For me , I I wouldn't buy it . Let's say it like that .
 Not totally , well
 Yeah but of course y you are also human . We have to take uh every everyone into account . So
 No
 And you might be uh You might be target customer .
 Yeah . Well uh who who else thinks like you ? We don't know . Maybe a thousand people , or a million people .
 Yes but
 Mm .
 Yeah , we don't know , but that's uh that's that's that's more market research . So let it be like this at uh at this moment . Okay ?
 Let it be . Alright . So that's that . Uh any other suggestions ?
 No , I think it's great .
 Yeah .
 But what about the redesigning ?
 Okay
 Comes to that later .
**********
 Um you . Uh c You can uh Walter . You can do the evaluation uh criteria on this ?
 .
 You're very personal again .
 Alright . Great .
 That's more useful
 than just speaking .
 Well , this is just a short intro . I'm going to do uh the ev evaluation . That's gonna be done at the end of seven point skill criteria . So I made a I made a few questions on the hand of uh uh the impor most important requirements and trends .
 Yes .
 Mm-hmm .
 And we have to look if our uh if our device uh is working correctly . Well , I put some questions in a Word file . See if I can find them .
 Uh uh uh uh mm .
 'Kay .
 Well
 Hmm .
 I uh think you have all seen uh this kind of evaluation , so uh I don't have to explain it . Uh the first question is , uh is the device good-looking ? Because normal p uh most people thought that um earlier devices were ugly ugly . Seventy five percent of them . So what do we think ?
 Well d we designed it , so of course we are very
 Mm .
 Yeah , we're we're not quite uh objective about this .
 Yeah
 Yeah .
 No , I know , but I have to uh evaluate it . So I have to take this questionnaire .
 Well we designed it to be good-looking .
 So and we ha we have answer now ? Yeah .
 To the customers ? To potential customers who have to take this questionnaire ?
 Yeah
 Yeah , but I can't can s
 Nei . Oh no . I know , I know , I know . But um Well we can go , uh because of the time , uh pretty quick through this . Uh do we find it good-looking ? Well we think so . Uh
 Hmm .
 I Yeah , I think it
 Yeah . We designed it to be good-looking , so
 Yeah , but uh , you know
 Yeah .
 We dis we di we designed it to be perfect . So But we have to be critic critical about it . And I have to uh take all these points and get a average at the end . So we we know where we stand . 'Cause th there are some things we might have uh bi might have forgotten .
 Well , one .
 Well so it's point four .
 Right , so
 Easy to find t
 Well l well let's start with the beginning , just one by one .
 Right . Uh is it good-looking ?
 Well , I guess uh I think uh it's uh it's it's um pointed towards the youth of course , uh if you look at the design and and the colours and everything . That was our target audience of course . But it's also not completely um
 Two .
 uh u unacceptable for older people I guess . Uh it's it's not f a device that
 The titanium might be uh f
 Yeah , that's that's uh for older people , it's it's more that classical look . So
 for older people .
 It you put uh put a black front on it or something .
 Hmm .
 Uh no . I think Yeah they like black of course , but I think they'll uh they they think uh the the titanium look of it is also Uh I think it's also good for them , so I think we both uh have uh consider considered uh the youth and also a bit older people . So I think it's very good-looking and not only for youth uh young people .
 Right .
 I think we shouldn't discuss any points points that long , because I don't know how how many points there are but uh Yeah .
 Right .
 No . I totally agree . We we have to get get on , go through this .
 Yeah , the fourteen yeah .
 Right , a number please .
 Yeah .
 Is it easy to t change channels ? Yeah well I think so .
 So the last one is seven . Easy to change channels ?
 Um , no it's uh
 No , not false .
 It's one .
 Oh , sorry . Yeah , right .
 Well uh two ? Y Well we have to go through it .
 Change channels ?
 I think it's uh as easy as uh can be made . Uh
 Right .
 So I Yeah . You How can you make it any easier ?
 The power , channel and volume buttons are easy accessible ?
 With two huge buttons .
 Yeah , huge is a Yeah .
 Yep .
 Two .
 Two ?
 Alright . The uh device is easy to find if you lose it ?
 Well , no . We didn't implement anything about that .
 D we d we don't we don't have uh that s
 Well it's easier to find than a a normal black one or something , because of the colour . But
 Well six then .
 Yeah . Six ? Right .
 Yeah .
 Well we don't have the device that beeps uh when you lost it or so , but um um
 Are the functions easy to learn ? Well w I we do want we have a l f f less of an
 We have so few functions , so Yeah .
 Yeah , I agree .
 And the device R_S_I_ sensitive ?
 Well , I should I think two , because the voice recorder is n not self learning .
 Yeah .
 Ah .
 Yeah .
 Yeah . Yeah .
 Alright . Two ?
 Mm ?
 Yeah , but just do some We we
 Yeah Yeah , I agree . No . Yeah .
 I th I th I think this is too time consuming . Uh not not towards you , but towards this all . Th this is
 Are we take too much time ?
 Right , R_ R_S_I_ sensitive ?
 We you have to put it to the customers .
 R_S_I_ sensitive ?
 Uh well well a bit , so four .
 Four . Um
 Yes .
 Yeah , very much . One .
 One . And features included also one .
 And One . Uh those uh nine uh is the fancy-looking . Uh we still think so .
 Yeah .
 Yeah .
 Device fancy feeling . Yeah , cool man .
 And I think fancy-feeling too , because of the titanium back . Yeah .
 Yeah .
 Right .
 Are there enough technology ? Yeah well also we have two .
 Yeah .
 Yeah , that's great .
 Is the device easy to use ? Yes we have not many buttons .
 The
 So well maybe two because of the voice recorder .
 Well , with the uh Three .
 Two two .
 Two , three .
 T
 Are the trends about fruit and vegetables implemented ? Well in our covers , in our fronts . So yes , one . Is the material attractive ?
 F
 Yeah .
 Yeah . One or two . Yeah .
 One or two , another two .
 Nah f four I think . If you look at this
 Four ?
 Well , it doesn't really resemble any fruit , uh that's true . But but we have the the the the the sparkly fruity colours of course . And you can also have front with uh with fruit on it .
 No .
 Oh okay . Okay .
 Well three .
 Three , alright .
 Yeah , that's true . But
 Is the material attractive ? Well the titanium is strong , and uh the rest f uh the buttons feel soft . So I would say at least two .
 Mm . Yeah .
 Right .
 Okay .
**********
 Well Yeah .
 This is the last meeting ? Yeah .
 Yes , but we we have to design much more , because there was some irritating account manager coming to me .
 The average will uh come later .
 Um
 I knew things uh were going uh too smoothly .
 Oh .
 There had to be some kind of trouble along the way .
 Uh
 Yeah .
 Yes . Well , look at the costs at this point .
 My god .
 I had to fit it in .
 It has to go to twelve , right ? Twelve and a half .
 I twelve and a half .
 So
 Well what costs a lot ? The sample spea costs four .
 The what ? The
 The sample speaker , the s sensor .
 Out . That's easy . Kick it out . Yeah .
 Kick it out . We have to go to twelve and a half . The speaker costs far , by far the most .
 The what ?
 The speaker .
 Oh .
 Yeah w tha that's uh that's a bit an optional option .
 That's some wrong info , man .
 It it isn't worth it .
 No . No , d th No .
 No .
 We could make two different versions , one with and one without . But for this
 It's uh
 It's just extra . Kick it out .
 So , zero .
 Yeah .
 Then we go to fourteen point six .
 What more ?
 Well the titanium I don't want to lose actually .
 Batteries are uh quite
 No .
 L_C_ three ? Yeah hand dynamo ? Y t come on , w a remote control has a battery .
 Uh no , no no no .
 Um
 N
 Uh well we have a bit of a problem I think . Because uh
 Well well why why why should we use a advanced chip ?
 Well be for the L_C_D_ uh you had said .
 the L_C_D_ screen . Yeah .
 Yeah ? Can't we do that with a regular chip ?
 Hmm .
 No .
 Why not ?
 Because uh that uh y because my information says it .
 Well what what's the difference between simple and regular ?
 Huh ?
 What's the difference between a simple and a regular chip ?
 Yeah . Regular is normal .
 Yeah .
 And simple ?
 Uh well yeah I I read something about it , but
 Simple .
 Nothing .
 Elementary .
 Yeah , I I read something about it , but it wasn't very clear . I d I didn't in include it in my report .
 Well ?
 Your part .
 What happens if we do
 Single
 Well you have to use
 a chip . So
 Well you have to use the advanced chip , if you have the L_C_D_ screen .
 How much do we win ? One .
 We we we Why ? We have very little options furthermore , for the
 But if you have a regular chip , you can't have the L_C_D_ screen .
 Yeah .
 Uh well we have to put that in .
 Yeah , we need to have the the L_C_D_ screen .
 That that's a fact . Uh
 Well , we could say , well this special colour , that isn't that that isn't there , because the the fronts they will buy it . The special colour .
 No
 Yeah , but No , that's n It's not relevant .
 Yeah , but it's only one half . Uh it d it doesn't
 Nah .
 Yeah , then you s then you only have one half left .
 Yeah , you must change the chip uh back .
 You must change the chip back , Nils .
 Yeah .
 Uh yeah .
 But we d Then we have to lose the L_C_D_ screen .
 No , Then the whole concept is uh
 Yeah , I know but that's what my information says . I di I didn't uh put uh the advanced chip in there for fun . You have to use it .
 Hmm . No we oh
 You
 You can make you can make it cheaper . But if you don't sell
 You you we have an advanced chip-on-print , and we have an L_C_ display . I think that's a bit double . Y we don't need both .
 Yeah .
 Yeah ?
 No , the advanced chip is needed to have an L_C_D_ display .
 For the L_C_D_ screen . Yeah . Yeah .
 Says .
 Says , his Uh that was in the second meeting , I think .
 Well uh and what do they mean with curves uh again ? Because we you have uncurved
 Well I I did single curve to Well you said s double curved , uh he , because uh I thought it's a b a bit cheaper already . We can also make it flat .
 I ? ?
 Yeah .
 No no no no .
 Well
 But what what did what do n Sorry , but What do they mean with the curves ? Is th Is this a curve ? One curve ? Yeah , this is actually two curves , yeah . It's how you It's how you look at it .
 But
 Curved ? Yes , that's curved .
 Yes .
 No , it's one curve .
 One curve .
 One curve , simple .
 Well then we have a huge problem I think . W t we can never get uh below the twelve and a half .
 We have a big financial problem .
 Well we make it more expensive to buy .
 Well , then we have two dollars less profit . Come on , if we if we if we make this fifty million , they won't hesitate to uh congratulate us , so uh
 If if you make people brand-aware , they are willing to pay more . But
 But uh I
 Because we we use a brand at the front and uh I dun at the back . If you have uh lots of uh marketing
 people might buy .
 Yeah or we could replace it
 If you if you make it cool to have
 By the way , we also have this one .
 Oh , that's just great .
 Oh , costs nothing . That's nice . Plastic is
 Oh , alright .
 Hey but uh I think you'll agree that uh that we that now we have this uh screen , it's it's very uh not practical to ha to consider this after we have designed the entire thing .
 Yes , but I just got it .
 Well that's pretty uh l
 Why why don't we replace the titanium with uh
 That is pretty stupid .
 N not very practical . Well
 plastic coloured titanium , uh titanium-coloured plastic ?
 Who ?
 You want to dump the titanium ?
 Yeah well if we uh we we have to get cheaper .
 And make all plastic , then we ha then we're there .
 But I'm n I don't agree . I think
 But then we we've got to uh run through the eval evaluation process again .
 Th then you have a ugly , stupid , l ugly looking , dumb remote that that no-one would buy .
 Ah no no .
 It's not ugly looking . The looks remain the same .
 No , I don't think so .
 Y
 Well , I do think so .
 I think the titanium just uh provided the the tough look and the and the
 Yes . And the feel , and th that it is strong , and
 feel .
 And also the the older people will like it because of that . And because i Alright it's not our target audience , but it's it's useful if it's uh important for old people . Yeah .
 Yeah , I agree .
 We still we had to focus to get more people from the younger group , but not lose the one
 I think the titanium is very important .
 Yeah alright but then we we won't get there .
 Yeah we have a problem , yeah . W But you can better , yeah , dump the L_C_D_ screen then .
 We can dump the special colour . We l we use plastic . And plastic is already in colour I think .
 I don't think you should dump the L_C_D_ screen .
 Well what else ? W I mean uh
 No , nothing .
 Or you shou It's Or change the titanium or dump the L_C_D_ screen . But I think you could better change uh titanium to hard a hard kind of plastic looking like titanium than lose the L_C_D_ screen . Because you have lots of functions in it too .
 Amen .
 Yeah .
 Yeah .
 Yeah , well yeah . Alright . I agree with that . So we u we use uh
 Yeah .
 Why can't I
 But
 Unfortunately . Um .
 I'll put in the report we that we think that fourteen point one is the l m lowest price you can make a remote for that's trendy d these days .
 Titanium-coloured plastic .
 Yeah , I agree .
 So titanium-coloured plastic for the back .
 I I'll talk to the managers .
 No no no no . W Titanium stays there .
 Titanium , I thi I think this this is this is e really good re remote . But
 Yeah this is good , but it it's not good enough .
 Osl
 So we have to use the ditch the titanium , I'm afraid .
 Ah those those account managers , what do th d what do they know ? Come on . Riot .
 Well
 What do we Well what do we know ? All we want is a is a fancy design but we don't really consider the costs . So
 Yes , yes .
 No because we did not know anything about it .
 If you don't have the money , you can't make it . So s If you don't have the money , you can't make it . So this is too expensive .
 Yeah al alright , yeah . But we have to deal with it now . So
 One and a half Euros . Hmm ?
 So ?
 So
 So we have to make it cheaper .
 Titanium gone and add plastic .
 Right .
 Yeah , but then we've got money left .
 And on plastic times two and then we uh are there ?
 Well , no it's just uh all plastic . Well alright . Huh .
 No
 No yeah well Oh six . A lot of plastic , yeah . No two for the to make it clear .
 It's just free , man .
 Four . So
 But then we can add the special colour ?
 Yeah .
 As we have money over uh left .
 Yeah . W
 And we still have money left . What do we want , guys ?
 I want gold plating . No no um
 Yeah right . I want chrome .
 Well I think uh the case is double curved then .
 Yes .
 We have we have to uh fill
 Because you y have that curve and you have that curve .
 Well , th that that is the problem .
 Y Oh no . Alright .
 W we ha No no no , but th that's not f um
 Yeah well uh
 Safe .
 Well y we have curves in all directions .
 Well you can you can double curve , if you don't have titanium . And that we dropped , so it it can be done . But it's pretty funny . We we do want to reach
 So alright .
 twelve point five . But it isn't bad to to to stay at eleven .
 Finance ?
 I mean , this this ain't titanium , but it looks like it .
 We get more salary , if we make if cheaper than twelve uh twelve and a half .
**********
 Well , guys ? Guys ? We have to dump our titanium , and we'll hate the managers for that , but now we're going to evaluate our project , of uh project , project . Well , satisfaction on for example , are we satisfactory about our creativity ?
 Yeah . Shoot .
 Objection .
 Pro project .
 Well I can't get no satisfaction , but uh I think it's uh Well in in if we consider the costs then this is the best , yeah .
 Yeah .
 I think it's terrible that we got uh those costs at the last moment . That's really bad . But that that that's that , yeah that's a reason , but also for our creativity . We had um nice design , and then you get the cost , and you had to dump all your creativity .
 Yeah .
 Yeah .
 Yeah , me too .
 Its it's uh ridiculous actually , but
 And uh unrealistic .
 Well we we we used our creativity , but we just had to adapt it to the costs .
 Right .
 Which isn't very practical , but that's the way . Uh-huh .
 Nei . Uh no .
 Yeah .
 Well , alright .
 Uh leadership next . Uh teamwork ?
 Terrible .
 Leadership .
 Leadership ? Well
 Well it's It was very democratic .
 Uh yeah well I think so also . I al I I've uh filled that in in a the questionnaires uh each time , so Well the managers were terrible .
 Yeah . Yeah .
 Yeah yeah .
 So , with their all their
 useless requirements . But o alright , the teamwork ?
 Well uh they they didn't think of the requirements . It's the requirements of the user , uh I guess .
 No they said , oh we won't d uh we won't uh use teletext , uh we won't use the D_V_D_ .
 Yeah .
 Yeah but they base that on on the user specifications .
 Alright , teamwork ? Well great I think .
 Well
 Right yeah .
 Yeah , think so too .
 Uh well what do you , what did you think about the SMARTboard ?
 It was a complete disaster . No Uh it it it uh it is uh
 Yeah , I don't like it . Yeah ?
 Well
 No , that's a SMARTboard , and that's a digital pen . Or not ?
 It's also a It's both the SMARTboards .
 No it's other way around . That's the SMARTboard . That's the digital panel .
 I liked this SMARTboard , but I hated that one . Well it's both a SMARTboard .
 This this this isn't a SMARTboard , right ?
 That's that's the smart
 Yeah right . B but you This is just a large t large television . You u you use the
 Oh they're both SMARTboards .
 No .
 A televi Yeah .
 It's both a SMARTboard , but this one is used for a desktop , and that one is used to to draw .
 Yeah , but you ca This is just a beamer function . And here , on this one , you can uh draw the pictures and things like that . But
 Well , wi w which one did you like ?
 Yeah . Left or right ?
 That one .
 That one .
 That one isn't accurate . It just doesn't work . You can
 Yeah .
 Yeah .
 But I I think this is meant by the digital pen .
 Yes . Th that is so .
 Yeah , but I think there's a big distinction between the these th I don't need a SMARTboard .
 Well I didn't use uh
 Yeah .
 We're now talking about the SMARTboards .
 Nei It it's much m
 Well we we used that one , and we needed it . I think .
 Yeah , but give me a beamer . That's uh that's much uh much cheaper .
 Yeah alright , but
 Or install a laptop to a beamer , or have this one standing here in an I I like it .
 Right .
 Yeah I like that one , but that one is terrible .
 Okay , alright .
 But uh you can uh I I sent it about three times now . Uh a green uh board with uh chalk is much more useful than that thing .
 Yeah . Yeah , it is .
 Yeah .
 The simple uh sch school board .
 So
 I agree .
 And uh the digi the digital pen ? Did uh did you like that one ?
 No .
 I I didn't use it . I wrote things down but I didn't import it into my laptop .
 I used it uh just to check it out , but uh
 Yeah .
 That's the
 You you can't send that to anyone , because you you've scrabbled something on a page for yourself , and then you're going to send it , yeah . Well , no .
 Yeah . It isn't practical . Right .
 W But also y you write things down . And i you can also bring your your your note block . So what's the what's the th what's the point of importing it into
 Your notepad . Yeah .
 It's , no , it it's useless .
 Well I I drew this . Mm . And I made a mistake . But it it would have been uh useful , if I I could show this on the screen .
 Yes .
 Yeah alright . For drawings , but not for personal notes . I think that's not very
 For drawings , yes .
 Yeah for drawings .
 N notes mm .
 Uh I mean you can bring your paperwork along and p Well of course if you have a lot of paper If you've If you've
 But
 Yeah , it might be useful for drawings . I I agree on that .
 Mm .
 But for notes , it i you you have to put that in a strict Uh you have to put a name , standard date , and all those things . And notes uh for a meeting are very strict . So if you uh were to write them down for yourself , and then put that in your computer , you still have to type it over to Word . So it doesn't d doesn't have any
 Yeah , right .
 That Stefan use .
 Yeah I understand . But I think uh d this option is only useful if you've got a lot of paperwork . You can't It's not very uh ni Yeah well a lot of documents are Yeah .
 No , I don't think so . It's it's only useful if you have to draw something .
 Yeah .
 But then uh it's really useful , I think .
 Yeah .
 Yep . Alright . Um etcetera ? Well uh the laptops ?
 Mu Yeah right .
 Yeah , great . Yeah .
 Of course great .
 Yeah . Hmm .
 Can we keep them ? Uh .
 Yeah . You can . B by my
 Wireless uh wireless things .
 Thanks Project Manager .
 Yeah . Other uh things we used here ? I hated the cameras , I hated the microphones . But No
 Well these chairs , man . Really great .
 Well did you really uh
 Did you really take uh take those in account ? I half of time I didn't notice they were there . So
 No . No . I haven't looked w one time directly at the camera . I don't care about it .
 But we shouldn't talk about that . Because this is a realistic environment .
 Well I did .
 Well w why not ? Uh etcetera We N new ideas found ? What kind of ideas for n a future schedule What ? For future um meetings you have got ?
 Right . Okay .
 Well I missed uh the option to uh
 Communicate in between . Yeah , right . Yeah .
 to email , yeah . Email or chat or something .
 But yeah . W well th that's just the the environment they set us up f with . So
 Chatting and emailing .
 Yeah alright , but that's one n new idea .
 Yeah , I agree .
 Well , new ideas found by this .
 Not . Nothing . We don't want this . We hate this .
 Well , more more information in the beginning .
 Yeah .
 That's
 Digital pen is useless . So Yeah , for drawings .
 No it isn't .
 Well , for drawing for drawings . Yeah .
 Yeah .
 So it isn't useless .
 But uh two t But uh th then you have to have a lot of drawings , because if I had a company and I'm going to uh buy those expensive huge expensive uh things , I and I have to w
 Well
 pay those uh papers uh that are expensive , I'm not going to uh
 For people who uh sketch th the whole day , I can imagine that it's useful .
 No
 Yeah .
 Well th then still they they they should have a a nice graphics programme on the laptop . Because this is huge uh this v very very uh expensive paper .
 But it's still an expensive uh expensive
 Well
 Well you you can't you can't draw on a laptop like you like you paint of or draw with your hand .
 Yeah , I agree .
 With the mouse it is No .
 But if w Yeah .
 Yeah .
 Well and if
 Mouse is ju just isn't working if you're sketching .
 Uh indeed .
 And but what if uh maybe this this board uh SMARTboard is malfunctioning or someone . But suppose it was working correctly , what uh would it be useful then , if it wasn't off all the time ? A
 Well no . I hated to draw like that . You you can't draw anything uh neat .
 Really ?
 Yeah , but he's saying if it is correct , and you can draw very , yeah , very precise
 Anything you want . Any b b Yeah . L li li
 I if it if it would be perfect following .
 Yeah .
 Well th th then still it's it's it's very expensive uh towards a a just a green uh school board .
 Well it isn't , but maybe that thing is uh is
 Yeah , mu
 Yeah , board , a school board , yeah .
 Yeah , but but then you can uh save it in instantly , and and and re-use it , and uh
 Yeah . I it has It is useful . Yeah .
 Yep .
 It saves time .
 Yeah yeah .
 This uh if it works correct , maybe this thing this thing is just malfunctioning . So uh if we get in uh if we get another one and you make sure it does work , I think then it's pretty useful .
 Yep .
 Yeah .
 Because uh yeah you can draw t things quickly and uh clearly for anyone uh in the discussion room . And then you can save it immediately .
 Well , they are now .
**********
 Hmm .
 Celebration .
 It is . So , congratulations crew . Se
 Did you type that ?
 Hmm .
 Celebration .
 Well
 Yeah , we can go to the bar and uh with our newly earned money .
 Yeah .
 Finally my beer . Well , that's it I think . Um I don't know how long we still have .
 I think you have we have to make clear to her that we are ready .
 I dunno how long uh we had for this last meeting . But uh
 Maybe till four o'clock or something ? Well dunno . Yeah .
 Well yeah , it is a bit uh Well we still have to make the end report and uh all those things . I have to do that .
 Yeah . You better get started .
 I Di did you um save this one in the folder ? Can you do that ?
 Oh .
 No . No no no no .
 No we must save this thing , yeah . In the shared map map .
 But Nils you've got some work left .
 I don't know what you have to do .
 Map , is it a good word ? The folder , yeah .
 Huh .
 I have to go to a physiotherapy .
 Yeah .
 Oh it worked . Two times quick . Cool .
 Wow .
 Oh , alright .
 So it is useful , yeah . No but uh
 Yeah . It is handy .
 Oh great , man .
 This is nice .
 I'm gonna buy one buy one for my bedroom .
 Radical . Yeah .
 Uh
 D design .
 Do you believe it yourself ?
 S Oh . He saved them all ten . Well alright . Um
 Well they they wanted everything we produced , so
 They also want to see my cat and his rabbit , and uh
 Yeah .
 My big bird .
 Well
 Your big beautiful bird .
 Where is this ?
 Maybe the pen is just uh uh broken and the board isn't . Of or the other way around uh
 Maybe you are broken .
 Yeah I think so too .
 You know .
 I think she's listening .
 I also think so . She already knows . She ? Big brother .
 Who is she you're talking about ? Oh you mean our uh coach , our f personal coach .
 Our manager .
 Is she also our accountant ?
 Yeah . I don't think so .
 Is she responsible for sending that information so late ? Oh .
 Close your laptop .
 Because then we have to confront her with our
 So she can see we're ready .
 I feel watched .
 Alright .
 Yeah . Let's take this remote into uh production .
 We put the fashion in electronics , but we couldn't because of the costs . That that's the title of our uh end document . We couldn't put the fashion into the electronics . Yeah , that's a nice title .
 Yeah . That that's our new slogan . Yeah , I like that .
 Yeah .
 Blame our accountants .
 Do that .
 Yeah .
 But we couldn't , yeah .
 Very catching .
 Oh .
 Well I th Yeah .
 I'm sure management would like that .
 Well
 She's on the move .
 I'm going to resign after this project anyway , so
 Oh , that's just great .
**********
