 Bonjour .
 It's It won't wake up .
 Yeah . I was a bit early . Like
 Why ?
 What ? No , I just came in . Uh normally I was one of them .
 Okay .
 Come on .
 Check check check check .
 Hello . Oop .
 Why won't it wake up ?
 Is it on ?
 The power light doesn't work . You turned it off .
 But how ?
 Ah , there it is .
 Okay .
 Okay .
 Uh .
 I received an email with uh a few possibilities on uh the materials . So I'll discuss them with you . Yeah .
 Okay , we're just going to the later .
 Okay .
 Yeah , I received an email as well .
**********
 So we're going to talk about the conceptual model .
 Oh .
 Hmm .
 Which one was mine ?
 So that's me . Uh okay . So Uh okay .
 Okay , so I just show you the m the no mm mm the the the the the the minutes , minute . What's it called , I dunno . Whatever .
 The minutes .
 Okay , so we just talked about uh Oh you want me to show that there or
 Uh
 No , just tell us .
 Mm no .
 Okay , we just talked about it looks . Has to look nice . Usability is very important . People don't want to spend money on something that's similar to cheaper ones . Um
 It has to be very basic , not too many buttons .
 Light switches on if you use a button . Uh text T_V_ still has to be a possibility .
 And it has to be easy to learn .
 That were the things I uh make minutes of . And the functions are volume , channel to choose channels , an on-off , a mute uh button , and a text T_V_ button . That are the functions . That right ?
 Yeah .
 Yes .
 Okay .
**********
 So I just want to give you uh Mike again , the first uh
 presentation of your
 Shall I start ?
 Yeah .
 No .
 Okay well
 I received an email
 Okay .
 I searched the web , uh and uh I searched uh on this d document , recent investigation of the remote control market . It has been done in Italy uh Italy and in
 uh another country in Europe , I forget it .
 Uh but uh they found out the most important aspect for remote controls happens to be a fancy look-and-feel , instead of the current functional look and feel . So it's very important for us to create something new . So what Michael just said , it must be uh some very different from ordinary uh remote controls .
 Fancy stands for an original look-and-feel of the case and interface .
 Uh this uh aspect is the most important one . Uh it came out of the research . It uh is twice important as the following . The second uh most important aspect is that a remote control should it uh technological innovative .
 Uh that stands for uh uh new technical uh features . And then uh that uh This is a point of discussion , because we just decided that we don't make use of uh L_C_D_ or uh speech recognition .
 Hmm .
 But um this is the second uh important uh aspect , and I think uh we must use some of the new technology , to be uh innovative .
 But we already have the flashing flashing light on the
 Uh maybe maybe something new . We have to discuss about it s uh Okay , uh features not uh do not exist in current remote controls . And that's very hard I think .
 Yeah , more .
 Hmm .
 Well , I'll I'll get back on it .
 Okay .
 Uh the third one is the aspect of the remote control should be easy to use . But uh that was an overall uh point . We already discussed that . Um I've got one picture . Uh d our our target group uh we thought about was young and trendy .
 Yeah .
 So I took uh that part of the webpage . And it says uh fashion-watchers of uh uh Pari uh France and uh Italy , yeah , uh have detected the following trends .
 This trends I th uh trend I think it's not um that meaningful for us , maybe . But it's about uh clothes and shoes . But the uh the next uh aspect also in contrast to last year , the feel of material is expe uh uh is expected to be spongy . But spongy , what what does spongy says ? Spongy .
 Hmm .
 Spongy .
 Spongy .
 Spongy , like sponge .
 Okay .
 So rubber , kind of .
 Uh soft materials .
 Yeah .
 But maybe th that's al definitely a good idea , because you've you're you drop y your remote control very often on the ground . So it has to be flexible .
 Yeah , but Yeah .
 Yeah . Yeah , it's something that uh it stand there . But I didn't knew uh knew what it means . So spongy means y Yeah .
 It's like a sponge .
 Soft , sponge .
 So it's also a stress-ball .
 That's a good That's a good idea . If it's de like that . That's good , a good idea . Is it a bit like like the the the the remote control ?
 Yeah , somewhat like
 Yeah , but Yeah . How are you gonna make it ?
 R_ soft .
 Uh
 Yeah , I've some uh material uh information , but I'll give you it later in my presentation .
 Okay .
 Okay ?
 What do I think ? Uh because a fancy look is the most important thing uh for remote control uh control , I think about changeable fronts .
 Yeah .
 Uh maybe a see-through one in a a fruit front . Because it's uh it's hot . And uh some basic uh colour fronts .
 Uh so we can make uh five different fronts to start with or something . Uh maybe an extraordinary shape , like a sponge . Uh or uh , yeah , just another shape than a normal uh remote control ha uh has . Just uh something round in it , or uh maybe not uh not uh Yeah , I dun dunno . We have to discuss about that .
 Yeah .
 Uh y yeah . Main point uh still uh is the technolo technological innovative . Yeah , how do we do that ? Maybe speech ? We ma must have some kind of gadget .
 Yeah , I'll get back on that .
 So
 Hmm .
 It's very uh difficult to to to do it . Because it's only twelve and a half Euros you have to spend on every remote control .
 Intro Yeah .
 Yeah , that's the problem . That's the main problem .
 Well , I got f also an email from
 So
 the the technology department .
 Maybe we watch the first uh the next two presentations .
 They have done uh research about it , and uh even more possibilities now with speech . So they recommended using it . Well
 Okay .
 Okay . Uh let's first watch Paul's presentation first then .
 Hmm .
 I'll check what they exact mean .
 So uh
 Yeah , well actually we have don't have an idea how much it's gonna cost . But maybe it's cheap and it's easy to implement .
 Yeah , th that's the only problem . I d They don't say how much it will cost , so Um but uh if we implement uh speech recognition , I think it would be better to implement L_C_D_ as well .
 Oh . It's mass production . So you can say , you can
 Since you have to uh configure speech thing .
 But that's definitely more expensive than
 Yeah , that's that's something I dunno .
 Yeah . But how uh we we're gonna make many of those . So we can start a mass production , and then the cost will still will be .
 Yeah , but a telephone Okay , yeah . But a telephone also have a L_C_D_ and and it's about t two hundred Euros . So uh
 Yeah , so uh we gotta de
 We have to decide on that .
 Yeah .
 Okay .
 That was this ?
 Mm uh
 Oh I got an email uh
 And it says uh the chip can be uh simple , regular or advanced . And
 Um
 They say uh a display requires an advanced chip . And this is more expensive than all the other chips . So it's m the most expensive .
 L_D_C_ doesn't require
 Yeah , it says in the email . The display requires an advanced chip .
 Okay . And speech recognition ?
 Yeah , probably too . I I haven't got anything about speech recognition , but
 Advanced . Yeah .
 I'll I'll give you my design .
 Well it d That's that's the most expensive chip , we need . If we're doing uh if we're doing a display .
 Yeah okay .
**********
 So we Well we can
 I had uh
 to make a sort of a design . So I did some searching on the internet . I watched the old remote controls and news com remote como uh remote controls .
 I think we should um This is one of the modern remote controls of the moment . I think we should go more to the iPod and M_P_ three players . Mobile phones . More modern . Y yes .
 Yeah , just modern modern but still uh basic .
 Um you probably have to make it a bit bigger and a bit smaller . 'Cause remote con control , you can see it here , you have to bo reach both out both sides . And here you just have one , few buttons . So that's that's the main difference . But looks uh I definitely think we should go like this .
 And then changeable fonts , so
 Hmm .
 It's the most important part , I think . But And the home base is something like that , something simple .
 Well and then I just ordered the the buttons a bit . Uh basic buttons . On-off , mute . And th maybe two others , I dunno . Text buttons .
 Yeah , maybe the teletext tel
 Yeah , text button , maybe there and there . And then the colour buttons , if we want it on . I don't find it very usable , but it's Uh I don't think it's fits in the the modern theme as well .
 No , I don't uh I don't like it .
 No .
 Hmm .
 So and then yeah we saw the the pla display , in the the iPod . They can put the basic buttons , one , two , three , four . And uh f above ten . And I think
 But it That's on on the display .
 No no . That th there is no display there . But it's on the place of the display . And I think we should uh light this up
 much more than that part . So the focus is on these two parts .
 Yeah .
 Yeah .
 So you don't see all the buttons you else need .
 But it sounds very difficult to use . Because um the volume and channel is on the on the the bottom of it . So you can't use your thumb for it .
 Uh well um
 This is how it is now . Um
 Here uh Well we have volume .
 I think it is on uh on the bottom too .
 Yeah , down there .
 But it's not not the best best .
 Yeah . Well here we have also side scrolls .
 I dunno if we can use that . Do we want to use
 Yeah , okay . Yeah , I've I've got something of that uh too .
 Yeah , for volume . For volume , or a channel . Yeah , why not .
 For volume ? Well then we can even simplify it more .
 Scroll .
 By just putting the volume on the side . And and just channel buttons here .
 And the channels as well .
 Oh yeah .
 Yeah , or uh maybe uh The channel buttons are often used . And you can't use them now with your thumb , because the thing is not , it's not easy to control .
 But I think uh
 Well . Yeah , well it's
 Basically it's it's here .
 Yeah okay , m maybe we cho should put that on top , and buttons we we don't use on , in the bottom .
 Yeah , that's better .
 They're on top ?
 Yeah , just th th th other buttons like text T_V_ . Put that on the button bottom .
 Because uh you can't hold it . You can't hold it th the control and push the buttons .
 You mean uh these to the low ?
 Mm-hmm . Yeah .
 Except from the on-off button .
 Oh okay . Well , yeah .
 But I I think w you'll use uh the switch channels buttons uh more often than the normal uh channel buttons , like one two three .
 So maybe we can put that on the bottom .
 Mm
 Maybe . I dunno , but yeah we'll
 Like zapping is just switching one channel at a time .
 Yeah , maybe it's not easy if it's below . It's harder to zap . So I think uh it should be
 should be easy to .
 I think it's pretty standard , these rubber buttons on the top .
 Yeah okay . That's that's good , but
 And uh if you don't light 'em up , they don't uh you don't see 'em very good . I think it's modern to light this area up , and to light this area up . So the focus gets on these parts and not on there .
 Yeah okay .
 But uh the position of course can be different . It's s We have to look uh what's easy to use , and how it's easier to use .
 Yeah .
 So we can uh switch these to I dunno if it l will look good , if you put those on t on the bottom half .
 Hmm .
 No , I think th the the top buttons are okay . They sh Those should be on top . But uh we we can switch those two , yeah .
 Okay . Yeah , maybe Those two , yeah . And uh , yeah , you have to make sure it's easy to uh Yes , it has to be big enough so you can hold it , right .
 Okay .
 Well that's that's my findings . So uh my personal opinion is that we should go more modern look . M_P_ three player . And uh well um if we want to put in speech rec recognition or something , we I don't think we should put it on top then . I think that , if we're gonna put in more technology , that you need to be able to uh switch it open .
 Yeah .
 To use
 Yeah . Yeah , that's cool .
 So if you put in uh speech recognition , you need so more uh many more buttons . Which won't look good on the front side I think .
 Okay .
 No .
 So that's something we have to decide on .
 Yeah , we have to keep it simple .
 Yeah .
 We have to decide this this lecture , or this this this uh fifty minutes , yeah , how it is gonna look .
 What we're gonna do . Okay .
**********
 Okay , the component design .
 I looked at uh some similar devices , and uh my own common knowledge .
 So uh this was on the web site . If you aim at a young public , you should use materials that are soft with primary colours like green , blue , red . So
 flashy kinda colours . Uh shapes should be curved , so round shapes . Not Nothing square-like .
 Okay , so Hmm , okay .
 Yeah well uh iPod is trendy . And it is well curved square .
 Yeah .
 Square . Like .
 Yeah , but mm is uh has round corners I think . So we shouldn't have too square corners and that kind of thing .
 Okay . So not
 Yeah okay . Not uh the old uh box look .
 Yeah .
 And um sports and gaming device style characteristics .
 I don't know exactly what that means , but it should be , well yeah , popular kind of
 Mm .
 looking , I think .
 Yeah , we have to put our Real Reaction logo as well on the on the remote control . So the colours also . So we have ha to ma make it in black , black , yellow .
 Okay .
 Mm Yeah , it's
 Yeah .
 Black yellow control .
 Maybe the sides in yellow and the the the top in black .
 Yeah , mm n
 Not that weird , because we definitely want to make it kind of flashy , to attract a young public .
 Yeah , but uh I don't think the the colours black and yellow go well together . But
 No , okay . That's a that's a sen
 We make i Maybe you can put yellow on the side and black on the on the front .
 That's just a matter of tastes , but
 Yeah , okay .
 We have to use uh kind of flashy colours , I think .
 Uh can't we use um different uh fron uh fronts , with all with the the logo on it ? Can we do that ? So
 Yeah .
 Yeah , it's cool . Yep . And still trans
 Like fronts in in red and yellow and blue and
 Yes . So
 Oh yeah .
 Still still transparent .
 Okay .
 Yeah . But with all with logo on it .
 Okay .
 Well this is a remote control , a very old one .
 Um Then the components . The case has just a Here's black . But we are making it uh
 Yeah , we make it som Maybe we have to make it from soft material . Uh I'm not sure .
 Yeah , I dunno .
 Yeah .
 Maybe .
 But anyways uh it should be transparent . We decided that , huh ? S
 Well one of the options . You can Just like a mobile phone , you can make um different fronts on it . So you can just replace them I think .
 Okay .
 Yeah , we could do that .
 That was the idea , or just uh release one .
 Yeah . Just give five with them , just in a box . Five different
 Yeah , uh Or just uh sell different ones .
 Yeah , but y you could you could make 'em uh uh like blue and transparent . So you can still th look through it .
 Yeah . Cool .
 Yeah . Yeah .
 Um the buttons . Normal rubber I think . Like normal ordinary buttons . Soft .
 Yeah , I uh I dunno . A more
 Yeah . It it could be like a Nokia , like plastic . That's better prob Yeah .
 Uh uh
 Yeah , just uh
 With the hard hard buttons .
 I think uh rubber really has an odd look .
 Okay .
 Yeah . The the the new uh new modern uh remote controls , uh the buttons are part of the uh the style , I think is part of the remote control itself .
 Yeah .
 Yeah .
 It it's one uh a one uh out of one shape . Uh it's n doesn't Is uh a button uh um How do you say it ? It it didn't it i it don't come out of the on the background . It is in uh the c a remote control uh
 Yeah , it's it's all on one level .
 Yeah , on one level .
 Yeah .
 Yeah , I know what you mean .
 So we have to keep it on the one level . Like th the top it's Yeah .
 Yeah .
 Yeah , like mobile phones . Like uh the iPod . Uh just
 Yeah , okay .
 Okay , it's chos So that should be hard plastic . Then the buttons ?
 Yeah , that's cool .
 I think . Or maybe
 I dunno what uh kind of material it is . But
 Yeah .
 But maybe you can m make a uh round fluff or soft material . Just only the basic uh
 Oops .
 basic remote control from normal plastic , and
 Yeah .
 the rounds of it from softer s
 Okay .
 Yeah .
 And um Then the L_E_D_ . The normal infrared L_E_D_ I think s sufficient . And back light L_E_D_s . So But I think we have to make the case transparent , otherwise the back light won't work . So if you put
 I dunno .
 Y
 Yeah .
 Cool .
 Yeah . Y i if you The numbers could be can be Yeah , that's right .
 Uh you can just make them around the buttons uh Yeah .
 Okay .
 Or it runs the whole
 Yeah , but we can still make it transparent . So Or no
 They can choose .
 Yeah , you can halfs transparent , or just that it's comes out a bit .
 Yeah okay . Good .
 And in green colour , the back lights or
 Different , I think , also .
 Yeah ?
 Blue .
 Blue or red . Whatever you want it , I think . Uh depends on the colour of the
 Yeah .
 Yeah , but you can't choo You can't choose it when you buy it . You have to choose
 Uh i
 Yeah , that's true . But
 No , but I think there are multiple colour LEDs . So
 Is it Okay .
 Yeah , but can you change it if you already bought the the remote control ? You
 I I know I dunno . Is
 Yeah , it can . 'Cause this a mo mib uh mobile phone as well .
 Yeah , okay .
 Maybe it's it's more impor more expensive . I think it's
 Maybe put some different ones in it . Doesn't matter . It's just No , just some LED .
 I have the mo mi I have a blinking light on my phone . And I can change the colour of it .
 Okay , cool . Just make it some different colours . Blue , red and green , or something .
 Yeah , I dunno . Maybe it's too expensive , but it I th I don't think so .
 Well , we don't put put in any fancier technology yet . So
 Hmm .
 Then uh some more technical things .
 I don't know what it is , but it should be there I think . Um this is the normal circuit board , like a chip board in in a lot of uh things . W So we d we just need this and this transistors and resonators . There's all these kind of things .
 Yeah , we have to hurry up a bit , so
 Um they they basically said that that's almost the same on any uh remote controls . So I guess we j we just need that . I don't know what they do or
 I'm sure we can fit in .
 Yeah .
 Okay yeah , you can you can change Yeah . No .
 Yeah okay . We just
 Nah , but they just said we need it . Uh the battery contacts , like normal batteries ca you can put in .
 Okay .
 Yeah , a recharger maybe .
 Yeah , we have to make sure to uh
 Yeah okay . Yeah but
 We still want to have a recharger , don't we ? Is that still the
 Yes . Yes .
 Yeah , but it i We don't wanna have a ar an How do you call it ? Accu .
 A recha Oh no . Uh Battery . It's just a battery . Yeah .
 Re recharger . Base station .
 Y uh just just batteries , rechargeable batteries .
 Yeah , batteries . Yes , rechargeable batteries , I think's best .
 Okay . Not a separate Okay . And uh a chip , that's this one .
 No , just rechargeable batteries .
 Then uh I received some possibilities . Um for the energy source we can use batteries or a kinetic uh Like with the pulse watch . So it operates on your wrist kinda .
 Ah cool .
 Okay .
 So if you hold it , it gets powered .
 If you hold it .
 But normally you put a remote control on the table or on the couch .
 Yeah , I don't think it will work , and Or we can also use solar cells . But you mostly use it indoors , so
 It's dark in the room . No . It's just batteries , that's cheaper .
 Yeah , and and we can use the home station kind of thing . Um cases , flat , so uncurved . Uh two D_ curved is um like front to the back . And three D_ curved is also in depth .
 Yeah .
 Okay .
 So that's possible . Uh but with three D_ uh curved uh remote controls , we must use rubber buttons . So we can't use the flat buttons .
 Mm . So we need uh two D_ .
 Yeah , I think .
 Yeah .
 Definitely .
 Um these kinda materials can be used .
 But it doesn't really matter , we just make it plastic .
 Yeah .
 Yeah , I think so too .
 The scroll wheels , that's cool . That's for the volume .
 Yeah , scroll wheels um
 Yeah .
 Yeah , that's good . We can use multiple scroll wheels , w if we want to . But I think just the volume is enough .
 Yeah .
 Uh For channels it's not handy , because you scroll too fast .
 Okay .
 And uh the L_C_D_ . So we need uh the expensive , most expensive chip , if we use an L_C_D_ .
 Mm
 I don't think that's an opportunity . Just skip it . Because we don't have time for that to to put it in .
 Okay , then we we use m must use the second most expensive chip . So th so the regular chip . Because we use scroll wheels .
 Yeah , okay .
 Okay .
 And um
 Yeah , that was it I guess . Uh are are we using a a rubber case , or We haven't decided yet .
 Okay .
 Oh just sk Maybe you have to skip that one as well . It's
 Uh I don't think a rubber case looks
 Uh but we have to do something about the trend . The trend is uh spong spongy uh and uh fruit or fresh fresh . And uh now we have nothing about uh about those those two .
 L Yeah , i it it should be soft . You said so ?
 Yeah , okay . That Uh fruit and veg , or
 Yeah , fruit and veg can be just the covers .
 Uh yeah i Just Just on front .
 So you can the the spongy yeah , I dunno . I can't imagine a soft remote control .
 No .
 Neith uh I don't like it uh neither .
 No .
 I just can't imagine it .
 So just hard plastic ? Okay .
 Yeah .
 Yeah , I think . Titanium . It's mentioned here uh .
 Titanium , uh I think it's too expensive .
 But maybe the form has to be a bit different . Not the sh the square form . Just a bit
 Yeah , you can make it curved or mm round . But just in two D_ , not in depth .
 more rounded . Yeah .
 Yeah .
 Yeah , that's right .
 Okay .
**********
 So
 We have to decide which one we're going to choose from these . What exactly . Because we have to know it . So the energy uh is the recharger . We already know that . Just a normal battery . Okay . The chip-on-print is a normal one .
 Yeah . We have batteries .
 Yeah .
 Regular .
 Okay , the case is just a plastic one .
 Yeah th yeah , the chip is the the regular one . You have the simple one , regular and advanced . So it's b should be regular uh the second .
 Yeah , re Yeah , regular . Yeah , okay . Yeah , regular .
 Okay .
 I think I'll just check it .
 And we need a plastic case , with a scroll wheel .
 Yes .
 That's pretty much it .
 Yeah .
 User interface concept .
 And a flashy light .
 So uh I'm not sure . But we do I don't know if we expected to draw on this one at this moment . But
 I dunno either .
 Mm . Or should we do it in the next meeting ?
 Uh I_D_ and U_I_D_ work together on prototype drawing on smart board .
 Yeah . That's for the next one . That's for th
 So we should did it here ?
 So we're staying here ?
 Or should we do it in the next meeting ?
 Uh that I think that's the next next meeting .
 Okay .
 But you definitely get a specific instruction .
 Okay , so now we're ka thirty minutes alone again ?
 Yeah .
 But th think about something that's more rounded . Just And more
 Yeah , uh I dunno . But the iPod and etcetera , M_P_ three players , mobile phones .
 It has to be
 Uh a bit . Just just on the top or on the bottom .
 Just a bit cur Okay , I'll see if I can see any of those .
 Maybe the wheel can be uh like uh like this . O um if you draw it like this , you get a
 What the fuck is it ?
 Okay . Mm
 Doesn't work . You see what I mean ? If I draw here
 What ?
 It draws about four centimetres lower than Nah okay . Just .
 Oh .
 Okay .
 Maybe you can make it like this .
 And this is all the wheel for volume . So that you just um It's all rounded , so you can do uh turn this one . Yeah , but just not on the top , but uh on the side of it .
 Like a very big scroll-wheel .
 Okay .
 Maybe , I dunno .
 Hmm .
 Okay , so we have this at the moment .
 I think uh you'll get a a lot of uh volume changing when it's not wanted .
 Yeah , you Yeah .
 Okay , so we'd have this . Is that okay ?
 Yeah . I think it's probably better . Yeah , but maybe we can make a a plastic , so that you i if you like drop it , it won't change the volume . Only if you use your finger .
 Yeah , that's a little problem , of course , as well .
 And
 Yeah , maybe you just have to make it uh
 That's not scrollable too easy .
 Like this . And uh what's the channel choose ? Where do we uh put that ?
 I think in middle .
 Still on the bottom or
 Uh wh what is the middle part ?
 That's the numbers .
 Uh I think th the numbers should be in the bottom , and and the switch channel in the middle .
 Numbers , okay .
 Yeah , I agree as well .
 Use the dz
 It doesn't make a difference , if you put the s uh the switch channels on side of each other or on top of each other . Because you already have the volume here , so You can also put it here one butt and the other one there .
 Next to each other . back and forth . So you can also can put it all on the top , and this , you keep this empty . Because you have to hold it as well .
 Yeah , that's right .
 Or you could do the switch channel up button above the the numbers and switch channel down button below .
 But that's not want to zap very quick , so
 Yeah , I think uh zapping is the highest priority . And then you use those uh
 Yeah , okay .
 Yeah ?
 Is this a opportunity , or you don't want a different
 Yeah , of course uh .
 Uh but I think we we should bu uh put 'em on top of each other , so
 Why ?
 Because then it's it's easy to know m if I push the the the up
 But still the next It's still the next one . Doesn't make
 Yeah , but the top the top button is is like you switch channel up , and down button is If you put them
 Yeah , but fo from left to right is exactly the same . It ma it doesn't make a big difference .
 Yeah . I I think it's
 But uh but I I think uh left to right is more often associated with volume , and top down is more with uh channel changing .
 It's it's obvious , I think .
 Yeah , that's not not It's not al uh always the same . Every remote control's uh different .
 But it's exactly th
 In uh On most on most remote controls . So so if we use that , they will probably have a long learning uh time .
 Yeah , I think
 I dunno . I You already have the volume on the side , so you can't make it you can't ma make a mistake . So it's uh
 No , uh I think
 Yeah . I think it's s so simple you just
 I dunno .
 Okay .
 So but that's for that's for you , 'cause it's
 Yeah , okay I'll d I'll take a look at it .
 Okay , so hmm .
 What did What else we have to discuss about ? I dunno .
 Think we need to work uh thirty minutes again ?
 Yeah , we have to care that it r uh looks really new . Because uh we still hold on to the uh ordinary uh
 uh square uh remote control . 'Cause wha what I see the only difference i i i in fact is that we use a scroll-wheel on the outside .
 Yeah .
 And the LED .
 No , you have uh It is Uh the current uh controllers are all black and plastic . You have to look at that image of the iPod .
 Yeah , but i i it should be round in in shape . So
 Yes . Okay .
 More that uh kind of style .
 And a bit uh
 Not not the old grey black
 Uh Yeah .
 Some some kind of bling bling uh mm can we have
 Where you can put a ve Uh we have If we do it like that we have below have we uh a lot of room to put a nice logo .
 Yeah . Uh the logo was has to be on there . Yeah , that's right .
 Uh and how many uh fronts uh fronts do we put on the market then ? Uh five or something ? Or more or
 Yeah , five . Let's give five .
 Maybe you can buy separate ones and uh
 And um uh uh buy the product . You buy , you get one . And uh basic . Or you can choose one uh if you buy the project .
 Yeah . Um I think Yeah .
 No , tha that will be
 That's your choice , I think huh .
 So y you can put the bottom of the remote control in recharger ? Is that is that a good good opportunity ? So you could put it like that , okay .
 Yes .
 Yeah , so top down . Hmm ?
 Yeah , you sl uh you let it slide in the docking station .
 Do we have to design that w as well ?
 Yeah .
 Uh I'm not sure .
 The docking station ?
 Yeah , I think so .
 Hmm .
 Yeah , we can b
 But th Yeah , that can be very simple .
 Least .
 It c it could be just just a square , just a packet .
 Yeah , just a recharger .
 Yeah , just where you're around something .
 Li Yeah , we had one example .
 But we have to make contacts on the on the remote control and the recharger as well .
 Mm . Mm .
 Yeah , but that's a round one . Maybe we can choose then .
 Which w
 Here you see one that's very round .
 Oh yeah , okay .
 So I think that can be all kind of shapes .
 But maybe you can just round up the corners a bit .
 Of the remote control ?
 That's all . Yeah .
 Yeah .
 Yeah Yeah .
 Just round it up .
 Yeah , so y you don't want uh this uh like the iPod . But
 No . Yeah . Yeah .
 More rounded .
 Yeah , I think it will just look like more like this one . Since it's This is also rounded . I think i
 No , just just the corners .
 Yeah okay , tho those are al already a bit cornered . Mm
 Okay .
 Yeah , but we can we can do all kinds of uh As long as it isn is in two D_ we can use all kind of round shapes .
 Shapes .
 Yeah okay , but then we have to think of something totally new .
 Not in depth .
 Yeah , but Yeah , if if we want to make it
 kind of , yeah , new .
 I've uh I had a lot of picture of old ones . And all curves have already been done .
 It's a bit annoying , isn't it ?
 Yeah .
 What do we do wrong ? Hmm . Just just more like this and not uh a square . Okay .
 Yeah okay , yeah well
 Yeah , but we could do a lot of , lot more curving .
 I would do it
 Yeah . I know we can do a lot more , but
 Yeah , it
 Like in this kind of shape or
 Uh it's very annoying . Okay .
 I dunno .
 I dunno if it's handy .
 I think it will only look more like the old remote controls .
 Uh
 This ? The olden the olden ones had looked like just a square thing .
 Yeah .
 Yeah okay . But uh I had a lot of pictures Oh I can show you here
 what the old ones look like .
 Mm .
 Curves , curves .
 Yeah .
 You've more there as well .
 Yeah , okay .
 It wasn't very small one .
 Yeah .
 very simple .
 That is for elderly .
 So we have to make a decision , what kind of form it's gonna have t going to have .
 Yeah , I don't know .
 Yeah .
 I think if w My opinion . If we just uh take the iPod , and the same look . So uh light or just whatever colour , but the same light colours .
 Yeah .
 Mm-hmm .
 And uh just with uh together with uh the back-lights b look will look very new . No rubber buttons or something . Just together with the back-lights you'll get a totally new look . More like the M_P_ three player M_ um P_ M_ P_ three player .
 Yeah .
 And you have the scroll button inside . Okay . But why do we have to round it on the t bottom then ? Of Skip that one as well .
 Yes . Just a simple scrollb
 Yeah .
 Doesn't have to be .
 Okay . Yeah , it's cool .
 Yeah , though that's a trend . If we want to make it . But yeah , I'm not a Trendwatcher , you are . So
 Uh the t the trend is
 Rubber spongy .
 spongy and fruity . But yeah .
 Yeah . No . Spongy and
 Spongeball kinda .
 It's not not a lot of trends I uh I found uh
 Okay , so we have s still one minute left . So just I think it's okay if you just keep it a bit square .
 Uh
 Mm .
 Okay . Yeah , I d I don't know n something about ergonomic kind of fits-in-the-hand uh stuff .
 It The th th
 No .
 Yeah .
 But I I think it's still for older people . You j still have older people . It's only annoying if it if it's like that f formed like that , like f Whatever . Just you have a normal
 There is one
 Yeah , but we're we're aiming at a young public .
 There's just one overall important aspect is that we must make it fancy and it looks original , and I hope we can uh make it look not like the iPod itself . It must have uh uh uh a very different
 Yeah , idea . But you're If you look at the way remote controls are now
 Yeah , they're all the same .
 And if you make it look like the iPod
 But i it is it is it is already fancy . Because of the lights on the bottom of it . That's already fancy . Uh maybe maybe make the the mm the wha what's it called uh scroll wheel . Make it in in yellow or something . Just like the colours of Real Reaction .
 Yeah okay . So that's already a very big change compared to
 Hmm .
 Ye yeah . Well uh
 Yeah , we could do that .
 Could .
 Uh yeah , but uh if you the f uh front , the scroll wheel will still uh be yellow .
 Yeah .
 No , I think Oh .
 It's right .
 Think the scroll wheel won't be very big . Since if you put it uh somewhere , the chances that it will scroll are too big . So it will just be a small
 Yeah .
 small scroll wheel . So it won't uh stick out much .
 Yeah . Maybe the ones we are going to draw there . Maybe we have to ask uh to the the mm to her if it has if it can work better than this . Because it doesn't work properly .
 No .
 So maybe you have to ask her .
 Yeah okay . Well , maybe we can just open images there , and I'll paint and paint .
 Okay . Yeah . That's probably
 I'll be able to do a better job .
 If you set the pen yeah , he will draw here .
 Doesn't work .
 Okay , so just finish it . So we make it a bit like m that one probably .
 Yeah , I'll see it .
 Yeah . Is that okay ?
 Bu Yeah , I agree more like iPod .
 Yeah .
 Yes . Just
 Okay , only the colour and the flashy light and the
 We just we just skip the the the voca or was it the the speech recognition .
 a
 Speech . Yeah , do we s keep that ? Yeah , I think
 Or keep that ? It's okay . But you'd definitely need a
 S Uh yeah , I don't know . Yeah , I think so . And we we have to build in a microphone and
 Well uh then it w
 advanced chip .
 Uh
 Well that's very easy . We already have uh the beeping of the home station , so
 Yeah , and I do I don't know anything about that . I d I didn't receive any information on speech recognition , so
 No .
 Uh strange that I received the information about that .
 Oh that's hard . But
 So
 Uh the ma the main points I I I uh just said .
 We have to be original and uh technological innovative . Becau Yeah . But
 Can we just put it speech recognition in it as well , okay ?
 Ma
 So shall we it open then ? So we can put all the
 Yeah .
 The function of that in there . Yeah .
 Okay .
 And we need a Probably we need a uh advanced chip then .
 Fine .
 Yeah , we probably do .
 But it doesn't say anything about it , does it ?
 Yeah .
 No .
 Oh yeah , I
 But we don't have any f information about the cost .
 No .
 We started with information about the cost was now th
 I just I just received the
 Yeah , uh I have I have some some information about the cost . But just a about the chip .
 Yeah .
 And how much is the chip ? The the the
 I don't know how much , but
 Yeah , our division has developed a new speech recognition feature , the integrated programmable sample sensor simple speaker u unit . This is a very small electronic unit , will give a standard answer after it recognise a question .
 Just in inexpensive or
 And how how does it work ? Is it
 Doesn't say . Just You say record , followed by your question sample , and after a few seconds the answer uh sample .
 Because uh
 So it works like uh good morning remote control , and then the remote control says good morning .
 It doesn't has to say anything . Just You have to just talk to
 No . Does it say does it say something back ?
 Yeah uh th that's just It's a No . Yeah , it Well that's integrated in the chip , so if you use the speech recognition , that's in it .
 Okay , we have to stop it now . So just
 Okay , that's a r That's that's a advanced
 But i it's a separate chip .
 I dunno , but if we use speech recognition , that will be in it as well .
 Okay .
 Yeah , I don't know anything about this , but Nah .
 Um
 Yeah , we just decide not to put it in , because it's too difficult .
 I dunno .
 Well it it would be would be a good feature feature .
 Yeah .
 Okay . No
 Okay , we just put it in , because it's a good feature .
**********
 We have to stop now . Okay , just We have to stop it now .
 no worries about the cost , etcetera . And there's a chip in it that will Okay .
 Fine .
**********
